Harold Heralt or Herald (Ital. Heraldo, Fr. Herault, vel quasi herus altus, a high Master) with us it signifies an Officer at Arms, whose function is to denounce War, to proclaim Peace, or to be imployed by the King in Martial Messages or other businesses. Their Office with us is described by Polydore lib. 19. thus, Habent insuper apparitores ministros, quos Heraldos dicunt; quorum praefectus Armorum Rex vocitatur. Hi belli & pacis nuncii, Ducibus, Comitibusque A Rege factis, insignia aptant, ac eorum funera curant. They are the Judges and Examiners of Gentlemens Arms, marshal all the solemnities at the Coronation of Princes, manage Combats, and such like. There is also one and the same use with us and with the French Nation. See Lupanus cap Heraldi. With us the three cheif are called Kings at Arms; and of them Garter is the principal, instituted and created by Henry the Fifth. Stow. Annal. p 584. whose Office is to attend the Knights of the Garter at their solemnities, and to marshal the Funerals of all the Nobility. And in Plow. cas. Reneger and Fogossa, is found that Edw. 4. granted the Office of the King of Heralds to one Garter, cum feudis & proficuis ab antq. &c. fo. 12 b. The next is Clarentius, ordained by Ed. 4. for he attaining the Dukedom of Clarence by the death of George his Brother, whom he put to death for aspiring the Crown, made the Herald, which properly belonged to the Duke of Clarence, a King at Arms, and called him Clarentius; his Office is to marshal and dispose the Funerals of Knights, Esquires, &c. through the Realm on the South side of Trent. The third is Norroy or Northroy; whose Office is the same on the North side of Trent, as that of Clarentius on the South, as may well appear by his name, signifying the Northern King, or King of the North parts. Besides these, there are six others, properly called Heralds, according to their original, as they were created to attend Dukes, &c. in Marshal Executions; viz. York, Lancaster, Somerset, Richmond, Chester, Windsor. Lastly, There are four others called Marshals or Pursuivants at Arms reckoned after a sort in the number of Heralds, and commonly succeed in the place of the Heralds, as they die, or are preferred, and those are Blew-mantle, Rouge-cross, Rouge-dragon, & Percullis.
