But concerning the General Assizes, take thus much out of Sir Fra. Bacons use of the Law; all the Counties of this Realm (saith he) are divided into six Circuits, and two learned men are assigned by the Kings Commission to every Circuit, and to ride twice a year through those Shires allotted to that Circuit; these we call Justices or Judges of Assize, who have five several Commissions by which they sit. The first is a Commission of Oyer and Terminer, directed to them and many others of the best account in their Circuits; but in this Commission the Judges of Assize are of the Quorum, so as without them there can be no proceeding. This Commission gives them power to deal with Treasons, Murders and all manner of Felonies and Misdemeanors whatsoever, and this is the largest Commission they have. The second is a Commission of Goal delivery. That is onely to the Judges themselves, and the Clerk of the Assize associate: and by this Commission they are to deal with every prisoner in the Goal, for what offence soever he be there. The third Commission is directed to themselves only and the Clerk of Assize to take Assizes, by which they are called Justices of Assize; and the office of these Justices is to do right upon Writs called Assise, brought before them by such as are wronfully thrust out of their Lands. The fourth Commission is to take Nisi Prius directed to none but to the Judges themselves and their Clerks of Assizes, by which they are called Justices of Nisi Prius. The fifth is a Commission of Peace in every County of their Circuit. And all the Justices of the Peace having no lawful impediment, are bound to be present at the Assizes to attend the Judges as occasion shall fall out: if any make default, the Judges may set a Fine upon him at their pleasure and discretions: The Sheriff of every Shire is also to attend in person, or by a sufficient Deputy allowed by the Judges, who may fine him if he fail, &c. See more of this in the AEse of the Law, fol. 13. usque ad 21.
