Bizante or Besant, a very antient coyn of Gold; so called because it was coyned at Constantinople, formerly called Bizantium. This coyn is not now known, but Dunstan Archbishop of Canterbury (as it is in the Authentical Deed) purchased Hendon in Middlesex of King Edgar to Westminster for 200 Bizantines: of what value they were was utterly forgotten in the time of King Edw. 3. for whereas the Bishop of Norwich was condemned to pay a Bizantine of Gold to the Abbot of St. Edmondsbury, for encroaching upon his liberty (as it was enacted by Parliament in the time of the Conqueror) no man then living could tell how much that was: so as it was referred to the King to rate how much he should pay: which was the more strange, considering, but 100 years before 200000 Bezants were exacted by the Soldan, for redeeming St. Lewis of France, which were then valued at 100000 livres. The name continues yet in the blazons of Arms, where plates of gold are called Bezants; and a great piece of gold valued at 15. l. (which the King of England formerly offered on high festival days) was called a Bizantine; but afterward there were two purposely made for the King and Queen with the resemblance of the blessed Trinity inscribed, In honorem sanctae Trinitatis, and on the other side the picture of the Virgin Mary, with In honorem sanctae Mariae Virginis, and this was used til the first year of King James, who caused two to be new cast, the one for himself, having on the one side the picture of a King kneeling before an Altar with four Crowns before him, implying his four Kingdomsa and in the circumscription, Quid tribuam Domino pro omnibus quae tribuit mihi: On the other side a Lamb lying by a Lyon, with Cor contritum & humiliatum non despiciet Deus. And in another for the Queen, a Crown protected by a Cherubin, over that an eye, and Deus in a cloud, with Teget ala summus; on the reverse, a Queen kneeling before an Altar with this Circumscription, Piis precibus, fervente fide, humili obsequio. Cam. Rem.
