THERE was never anye thynge by the wytte of man so wel devised, or so sure established, whiche (in continuance of tyme) hath not been corrupted: as (emong other thynges) it may playnlye appeare by the common prayers in the Churche commonlye called divine servyce: the firste originall and grounde whereof yf a manne woulde searche out by auncient fathers, he shall fynde that the same was not ordayned but of a good purpose, and for a great advancemente of godlynesse. For they so ordered the matter, that all the whole Bible (or the greatest part thereof) shoulde be readde over once in the yeare entendynge thereby, that the clergie and speciallye suche as were ministers of the congregacion, should (by often readynge and meditacion of Godde's woorde) be stirred up to godlynesse themselves, and be more able also to exhorte other by whole some doctrine, and to confute them that were adversaries to the trueth. And further, that the people (by dayly hearynge of holye scripture read in the Churche) should continuallye profyte more and more in the knowledge of God, and be the more in flamed with the love of hys true religion. But these manye yeres passed, this godly and decent order of the auncient fathers hath been so altered, broken, and neglected, by plantinge in uncertayn Stories, Legendes, Respondes, Verses, vayne repeticions, Commemoracions, and Sinodalles, that commonlye when anye boke of the Bible was begonne, before three or foure Chapters were read out, al the rest were unread. And in thys sorte the boke of Esay [Isaiah] was begonne in Advent, and the boke of Genesis in Septuagesima: but they were onely begonne, and never read through. After a lyke sorte were other bokes of holy scripture used. And moreover, where as Sainct Paule woulde have such language spoken to the people in the Churche, as thei might understande, and have profite by hearing the same; the service in this Churche of Englande (these manye yeres) hath been read in Latyn to the people, whiche they understode not: so that they have heard with their eares onely; and their heartes, spirite, and mynde, have not been edified thereby. And furthermore, notwithstandynge that the auncient fathers have divided the Psalmes into seven porcions, whereof everye one was called a Nocturne; nowe of late tyme, a fewe of them have been dayly sayd (and ofte repeated) and the rest utterlye omitted. Moreover, the numbre and hardnesse of the rules, called the Pie, and the manyfolde chaungynges of the servyce, was the cause, that to tourne the boke onely was so harde and intricate a matter, that manye tymes there was more busynesse to fynde out what shoulde be read, then to reade it when it was founde out.
These inconveniences therefore consydered, here is set furthe suche an order, whereby the same shalbe redressed. And for a redynesse in thys matter, here is drawen out a kalendar for that purpose, whiche is playne and easye to be understanden: wherin (so muche as may be) the readynge of holye scriptures is so set furthe, that all thynges shalbe doen in order, without breakynge one pyece thereof from another. For thys cause be cut of Anthemes, Respondes, Invitatories, and suche lyke thynges, as dyd breake the continuall course of the readynge of the scripture. Yet because there is no remedye, but that of necessitie there must be some rules, therefore certayn rules are here sette furth, whiche as they be fewe in numbre, so they be playn and easie to be understanden. So that here you have an order for prayer (as touchynge the readynge of holye scripture) muche agreable to the mynde and purpose of thold fathers, and a great deale more profitable and commodious, then that which of late was used. It is more profitable, because here are lefte out manye thynges, where of some be untrue, some uncertayn, some vayne and supersticious, and is ordeined nothynge to be read, but the very pure worde of God, the holye scriptures, or that which is evidentlye grounded upon the same, and that in such a language and order, as is most easy and playne for the understandynge bothe of the readers and hearers. It is also more commodious, bothe for the shortness thereof, and for the playnnesse of the order, and for that the rules be fewe and easye. Furthermore, by thys order, the curates shall nede none other bokes for their publyke service, but thys boke, and the Bible: By the meanse whereof, the people shall not be at so greate charge for bokes, as in tyme paste they have been.
And where heretofore there hath been greate diversitie in sayeng and syngyng in Churches within this realme, some folowynge Salisbury use, some of Herford use, some the use of Bangor, some of Yorke, and some of Lincolne. Nowe from hence furthe, all the whole realme shall have but one use. And yf any woulde judge thys way more painfull, because that all thynges muste be read upon the booke where as before by the reason of so often repeticion, they could saye many thynges by heart; yf those men wyl weygh their laboure, with the profyte and knowledge, which dayly they shal obtayne by readyng upon the boke, they wyl not refuse the payne, in consideracion of the great profite that shal ensue therof.
And for asmuche as nothynge can almoste be so playnly set furthe, but doubtes may ryse in the use and practisynge of the same: To appease all suche diversitie (yf any aryse), and for the resolucion of all doubtes concemynge the maner howe to understande doe and execute the thynges conteyned in this boke: the partes that so doubt, or diversly take any thyng, shall alway resorte to the Byshoppe of the Diocesse, who by hys discrecion shall take order for the quietynge and appeasyng of the same: so that the same order be not contrarye to anye thynge conteyned in thys boke. And yf the Byshoppe of the Diocesse be in anye doubte, then maye he sende for the resolution thereof unto the Archebyshoppe.
Though it be appoynted in the afore wrytten Preface, that all thynges shalbe read and songe in the Churche in the Englyshe tongue, to the ende that the congregacion maye be thereby edified: yet it is not ment, but when menne say Mornyng and Evenynge prayer privatly, they may saie the same in anye language that they themselves do understande.
And all Priestes and Deacons shalbe bounde to say dayly the Mornynge and Evenyng prayer, either privatly or openly, excepte they be letted by preaching, studeing of divinityie, or by some other urgent cause.
And the Curate that ministreth in every Parish Churche or Chapell, beyng at home, and not beyng otherwise reasonably letted [prevented], shall say the same in the Parishe Churche or Chapell where he ministreth, and shall tolle a belle thereto, a convenient tyme before he begyn, that suche as be disposed maye come to heare Goddes worde, and to praie with hym.
OF CEREMONIES,
WHY SOME BE ABOLISHED, AND SOME RETEINED.
OF suche ceremonies as be used in the church, and have had their beginning by ye institution of man: some at the first were of Godly entent and purpose devised, and yet at length turned to vanitie and superstition: some entred into the church by undiscrete devotion, and such a zeale as was without knowledge: and for because thei were winked at in the beginning, thei grewe daily to more and more abuses: whiche not onely for their unprofit ablenesse, but also because thei have much blinded the people, and obscured the glory of God, are worthy to be cut awaie, and clene rejected. Other there be, which although thei have been devised by man, yet it is thought good to reserve them still, aswel for a decent order in the churche (for the whiche thei were first devised) as because thei pertein to edification: whereunto all thynges doen in the churche (as the Apostle teacheth) ought to be referred. And although the kepyng or omittyng of a ceremonie (in it self considered) is but a small thynge: yet the wilful and contempteous transgression, and breakynge of a common order and discipline, is no small offence before God.
Let al thynges be doen emonge you (saith S. Paule) in a semely and due order. The appointment of the which order, perteineth not to private men: therefore no man ought to take in hand, nor presume to appoynt or alter any publique or common order in Christes church, except he be lawfully called and authorized thereunto.
And whereas as in this our tyme, the mindes of menne are so diverse, that some thynke it a greate matter of conscience to departe from a pece of the least of their Ceremonies (thei be so addicted to their old customs:) and again on the other side, some be so new fangled, that thei would innovate all thyng, and so do despise the old, that nothyng can like them, but that is new: it was thought expedient, not so much to have respect how to please and satisfie either of these parties, as how to please God, and profyte them both. And yet lest any man should be offended (whom good reasone might satisfie) here be certain causes rendred why some of the accustomed Ceremonies be put away, and some retayned and kept styll.
Some are put away, because the great excess and multitude of them hath so encreased in these latter daies, that the burthen of them was intolerable: whereof S. Augustine in his tyme complayned, that they were growen to such a numbre, that the state of Christian people was in worse case (concernyng that matter) then were the Jewes. And he counsayled yt such yoke and burthen should be taken away, as tyme woulde serve quietly to doe it.
But what would S. Augustine have sayed, if he had seen the ceremonies of late daies used among us? whereunto the multitude used in his time was not to be compared. This oure excessive multitude of Ceremonies was so great, and many of them so darke: that they did more confounde and darken, then declare and set furth Christes benefites unto us.
And besides thys, Christes Gospell is not a Ceremonial lawe (as much of Moses lawe was) but it is a religion to serve God, not in bondage of the figure or shadowe but in the fredome of spirite beynge content only with those Ceremonies, which do serve to a decent ordre and godly discipline, and such as be apte to stirre up the dull mynde of man, to the remembraunce of his duety to God, by some not able and speciall significacion, whereby he myght be edified.
Furthermore, the most weightie cause of thabolishement of certayn Ceremonies was, that thei were so farre abused, partly by the supersticious blyndnes of the rude and unlearned, and partly by the unsaciable avarice of suche as sought more their owne lucre, then the glory of God; that the abuses could not well be taken away, the thing remayning stil. But now as concerning those persones, which peradventure wylbe offended, for that some of thold ceremonies are reteyned styl: if they consider, that without some Ceremonies it is not possible to kepe any ordre or quiete discipline in the churche, they shal easely perceyve just cause to reforme their judgementes. And yf thei thinke much that any of thold do remain, and would rather have all devised anewe. Then suche men graunting some ceremonies convenient to be had, surely where the old may be well used, there thei cannot reasonably reprove the old only for their age without bewraying of their owne foly. For in suche a case, they ought rather to have reverence unto them for their antiquitie, if they wyl declare themselves to be more studious of unitie and concord, then of innovacions and newe fanglenes, which (asmuche as may be with the true setting furth of Christes Religion) is alwayes to be eschewed. Furthermore, such shall have no just cause with the ceremonies reserved to be offended: For as those be taken away, which were moste abused, and dyd burthen men's consciences without any cause: so the other that remain are retayned for a Discipline and order, whiche (upon just causes) may be altered and chaunged, and therefore are not to be estemed equal with god's law. And moreover they be neither darke nor dombe ceremonies: but are so sette forth, that every man may understand what they doe mean, and to what use thei do serve. So that it is not like that thei in time to come, should be abused as the other have been. And in these our doinges, we condemne no other nacions, nor prescribe any thing, but to our owne people only. For we think it convenient that every country should use such ceremonies, as they shal think best to the settyng furth of Goddes honour or glory, and to the reducyng of the people to a most perfecte and godly lyvyng, without errour or Supersticion. And that they shoulde put awaye other thynges, whiche from tyme to tyme they perceyve to be moste abused, as in mennes ordinances it often chaunceth diversely in diverse countreyes.
THE TABLE AND KALENDAR
EXPRESSYNGE THE ORDRE OF THE PSALMES AND LESSONS,
TO BE SAYED AT THE MORNYNG AND EVENING PRAYER
THROUGHOUT THE YERE, EXCEPTE CERTAYN PROPER
FEASTES, AS THE RULES FOLLOWYNGE
MORE PLAINLYE DECLARE.
THE ORDER HOWE THE PSALTER IS APPOYNTED TO BE READDE.
THE Psalter shalbe readde through once every Moneth. And because that some Monethes be longer than some other be, it is thought good to make them even by thys meanes.
To everye Moneth shalbe appoynted (as concernynge thys purpose) just xxx dayes.
And because January and Marche hath one daie above the sayed numbre, and February whiche is placed betwene them bothe hath onely xxviii days: February shal borowe of either of the Monethes (of January and Marche) one daye. And so the Psalter which shalbe readde in February, muste begyn the last daye of January, and ende the first daye of Marche.
And where as May, July, August, October and December, have xxxi days a piece, it is ordered that the same Psalms shalbe read the laste daye of the sayed Monethes, whiche were reade the daye before. So that the Psalter may begyn agayn the fyrst day of the nexte Monethes ensuynge.
Nowe to know whate Psalms shalbe read everye daye, loke in the Kalendar, the numbre that is appointed for the Psalmes, and then finde the same numbre in thys table, and upon that numbre shal you see, what Psalmes shalbe sayed at Mornyng and Evenyng prayer.
And where the cxix Psalme is divided into xxii porcions, and is overlonge to be read at one tyme: it is so ordered, that at one tyme shall not be read above foure or fyve of the sayed porcions, as you shall perceyve to be noted in thys Table folowyng.
And here is also to be noted, that in thys table, and in all other partes of the Servyce, where anye Psalmes are appoynted, the numbre is expressed after the greate Englyshe Bible, which from the ix Psalme unto the cxlviiithe Psalm (folowyng the division of the Hebrues) doth varie in numbres from the common Latyn translacion.
THE ORDER
HOW THE REST OF HOLY SCRIPTURE (BESIDE THE PSALTER) IS APPOYNTED TO BE READ.
THOLD Testament is appointed for the firste lessons, at Morning and Evening praier, and shalbe read throughe every yere once, except certain bokes and chapiters, whiche be least edifyeng, and might best be spared, and therefore be lefte unread.
The Newe Testament is appoynted for the seconde Lessons, at Mornyng and Evenyng praier, and shalbe read over orderlye everye yere thrise, beside the Epistles and Gospelles: excepte the Apocalips, out of the whiche there be onelye certain Lessons appoynted, upon divers proper feastes.
And to knowe what Lessons shalbe read everye daie: finde the daie of the Monethe in the Kalendar folowyng: and there ye shall perceive the bokes and Chapiters, that shalbe read for the Lessons, both at Morning and Evening praier.
And here is to be noted, that whensoever there be any proper Psalmes or Lessons appoynted for anye feaste moveable or unmoveable: then the Psalms and Lessons appointed in the Kalendar, shall be omitted for that tyme.
Ye muste note also, that the Collect, Epistle, and Gospell, appoynted for the Sundai, shall serve all the wiek after, excepte there fall some feast that hath hys proper.
This is also to be noted, concernyng the Leape yeres, that the xxv daie of February, whiche in Leap year is compted for two daies, shall in those two daies alter neither Psalme nor Lesson: but the same Psalmes and Lessons, whiche be sayed the flrste daye shall also serve for the seconde daie.
Also, wheresoever the begynnynge of any Lesson, Epistle, or Gospell is not expressed: there ye must begyn at the begynnyng of the Chapiter.
And wheresoever is not expressed howe farre shalbe read, there shall you reade to the ende of the Chapiter.
AN ORDER FOR MORNING
PRAYER DAYLY THROUGHOUT THE YEARE.
The order where mornynge and evenynge prayer
shalbe used and sayed.
The morning and evening prayer, shalbe used in suche place of the Churche, Chapell, or Chauncel, and the minister shal so turne him, as ye people maye best heare. And if there be any controversie therein, the matter shalbe referred to the ordenarie, and he or his deputie shal appoynte the place, and the Chauncels shal remayne, as they have done in times past.
And here is to be noted, that the minister at the tyme of the Communion and all other tymes in his ministracion, shall use neither albe, vestment, nor cope: but being archbishop or bishop, he shall have and wear a rochet; and being a preest or deacon, he shall have and wear a surplice onely.
At the beginning both of Morning Prayer, and likewyse of Evening Prayer, the minister shal reade with a loud voyce some one of these sentences of the scriptures that folow. And then he shal say that, which is written after the said sentences.
AT what time soever a synner doeth repente hym of hys synne from the bottome of hys heart: I wyl put all his wickedness oute of my remembraunce, sayth the Lorde. Ezechiel xviii.
I do know mine owne wickednes, and my synnne is alway against me. Psalm ii.
Turn thy face away from our sinnes (O Lorde) and blot out all our offences. Psalm li.
A sorowfull spyryt is a Sacrifice to God: despise not (O Lord) humble and contrite hearts. Psalm li.
Rente [Rend] your heartes, and not your garmentes, and turne to the lord your God: because he is gentle and mercyful, he is pacient and of muche mercy, and suche a one that is sory for your afflictions. Joel ii.
To thee, O lord God belongeth mercy and forgevenes: for we have gone away from thee, and have not harkened to thy voyce, whereby we myght walke in thy lawes, which thou has appoynted for us. Dan. ix.
Correct us, O Lord, and yet in thy judgemente, not in thy furie, lest we should be consumed and broughte to nothinge. Jerem. ii.
Amende your lyves, for the kingdom of God is at hand. Math. iii.
I wyl goe to my father and saye to hym: father, I have synned agaynst heaven, and against thee, I am no more worthy to be called thy son. Luke xv.
Enter not into judgemente with thy servaunts, O Lord, for no fleshe is righteous in thy syght. Psa. cxliii.
Yf we saye that we have no synne, we deceyve ourselves, and there is no trueth in us. 1 John i.
DEARELY beloved brethren, the scripture moveth us in sundry places, to acknowledge and confess our manifold synnes and wickedness, and that we should not dissemble nor cloke them before the face of almighty God our heavenly father, but confess them with an humble, lowely, penitent and obedient heart: to thende that we may obtayn forgeveness of the same by hys infinite goodness and mercie. And although we ought at al times humbly to knowledge our synnes before God: yet ought we most chiefly so to doe, when we assemble and mete together, to rendre thanks for the great benefytes that we have receyved at his hands, to set foorth hys moste worthy prayse, to hear his most holy word, and to aske those things which be requisite and necessarye, as well for the body as the soule. Wherfore I praye and beseche you, as many as be here present, to accompany me wyth a pure heart and humble voyce, unto the throne of the heavenly grace, saying after me.
A generall confession, to be sayd of the whole congregacion after the minister, knelynge.
ALMIGHTY and most mercyfull father, we have erred and strayed from thy wayes, lyke lost shepe. We have folowed too much the devises and desyres of oure owne hearts. We have offended against thy holy lawes. We have left undone those things whiche we oughte to have done, and we have done those. thinges which we ought not to have done, and there is no health in us: but thou, O Lord, have mercy upon us miserable offendors. Spare thou them, O God, which confesse theyr faultes. Restore thou them that be penitent, according to thy promyses declared. unto mankynde, in Christe Jesu oure Lorde. And graunt, O most merciful father, for his sake, that we may hereafter live a godly, righteous, and sobre life, to the glory of thy holy name. Amen.
The absolucion to be pronounced by the minister alone.
ALMIGHTY God, the father of oure Lord Jesus Christ, which desireth not the death of a synner, but rather that he maye turne from his wickedness and live: and hath geven power and commaundment to hys ministers, to declare and pronounce to his people, beinge penitent, the absolution and remission of their synnnes: he pardoneth and absolveth all them which truely repent, and unfeynedly believe his holy Gospel. Wherefore we beseche him to graunt us true repentaunce and his holy Spirite, that those thinges may please him, which we do at this present, and that the rest of our life hereafter may be pure and holy: so that at the last we may come to hys eternall joye, through Jesus Christ our Lord.
The people shal answere.
Amen.
Then shal the Minister begin the Lordes Prayer wyth a loude voyce.
OUR Father, which art in heaven, hallowed by thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy wylle be done in earth as it is in heaven. Geve us this daye oure daylye bread. And forgeve us our trespasses, as we forgeve them that trespass against us. And leade us not into temptacion. But delyver us from evyll. Amen.
Then lykewyse he shall saye.
O Lord, open thou our lyppes.
Aunswer.
And our mouth shal shewe forth thy prayse,
Prieste.
O God, make spede to save us.
Answere.
O Lord, make haste to help us.
Prieste.
Glory be to the father, and to the sonne, and to the holy ghost.
As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shal be: worlde wythout ende. Amen.
Prayse ye the Lorde.
Then shal be said or song thys Psalme folowinge.
O COME let us syng unto the Lord : let us heartely rejoice in the strength of our salvation.
Lette us come before hys presence with thanksgeving : and shew ourselves glad in hym wyth Psalms.
For the lord is a greate God : and a great King, above all Goddes.
In hys hand are al the corners of the earth : and the strength of the hylles is his also.
The sea is his, and he made it : and hys hands prepared the drye land.
O come, lette us worship and fal downe : and knele before the Lord our maker.
For he is the lord our God : and we are the people of his pasture, and the shepe of his hands.
To day yf ye will hear hys voice, harden not your heartes : as in the provocation, and as in the day of temptacion in the
wyldernesse.
When your fathers tempted me : proved me, and saw my works.
Forty yeres long was I grieved with this generation, and said : it is a people that do erre in their hearts, for they have not known my wayes.
Unto whom I sware in my wrath : that they should not entre. into my rest.
Glory be to the father, and to the sonne : and to &c
As it was in the beginning, is now, &c. Amen.
Then shal folowe certain Psalms in order, as they bee appointed in a Table, made for that purpose, except there be proper Psalms appoynted for that day. And at thend of every Psalme throughout the yere, and lykewyse in thend of Benedictus, Benedicite, Magnificat, and Nunc Dimittis, shall be repeated.
Glory be to the father, and to the sonne, &c.
Then shall be reed two lessons distinctlye wyth a loude voice, that the people maye heare. The fyrst of the old Testament, the second of the new, lyhe as they be appointed by the Kalendar, except there be proper lessons assigned for that daye: the minister that readeth the Lesson, standing and turning him so, as he may best be heard of al such as be present. And before every lesson, the minister shall say thus. The first, second, third, or fourth Chapiter of Genesis or Exodus, Matthew, Mark, or other like, as is appointed in the Kalendar. And in the ende of every Chapter, he shall say.
Here endeth such a Chapiter of such a Boke.
And (to thend the people may the better hear) in such places where thei do sing, there shal the lessons be song in a plain tune alter the maner of distinct reading: and likewise the Epistle and Gospell.
After the fyrst lesson shall folow Te Deum laudamus, in English, dayly through the whole yeare.
Te Deum.
WE prayse thee, O God, we knowledge thee to be the Lord.
All the earth doeth worship thee, the father everlasting.
To thee all Aungels cry aloud, the heavens and al the powers therein.
To thee Cherubin, and Seraphin continually do cry,
Holy, holy, holy, Lord God of Sabaoth.
Heaven and earth are ful of the Majestie of thy glorye.
The glorious company of the Apostles, praise thee.
The goodly fellowship of the prophets, praise thee.
The noble army of Martyrs, praise thee.
The holy Church throughout al the world doeth knowledge thee.
The Father of an infinite Majesty.
Thy honourable, true, and onely son.
Also the holy ghost the comforter.
Thou art the king of glory, O Christ.
Thou art the everlasting son of the father.
When thou tookest upon thee to deliver man, thou dyddest not abhor the virgin's womb.
When thou hadst overcomed the sharpness of death, thou diddest open the kingdom of heaven to all beleevers.
Thou sittest on the right hand of God, in the Glory of the father.
We believe that thou shalt come to be our judge.
We therefore pray thee, help thy servants, whom thou hast redemed with thy precious bloud.
Make them to be numbered with thy saints, in glory ever lasting.
O lord, save thy people: and bless thine heritage.
Govern them, and lift them up for ever.
Day by day we magnify thee.
And we worship thy name ever world without end.
Vouchsafe, O Lord, to kepe us this day without sinne.
O lord, have mercy upon us: have mercy upon us.
O Lord, let thy mercy lighten upon us: as our trust is in thee.
O Lord, in thee have I trusted: lette me never be confounded.
Or this canticle, Benedicite omnia opera domini domino.
O ALL ye workes of the Lord, blesse ye the Lorde: prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye Aungelles of the Lorde, blesse ye the Lorde : praise ye hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye heavens, blesse ye the Lorde : prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye waters that be above the firmament, blesse ye the Lorde : prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O all ye powers of the Lorde, blesse ye the Lorde : prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye Sunne, and Moone, blesse ye the Lord: prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye starres of heaven, blesse ye the Lord : prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye showres, and dewe, blesse ye the lorde prayse him, and magnifie hym for ever.
O ye wyndes of God, blesse ye the Lord : prayse him, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye fyre and heate, blesse ye the Lord : prayse hym, and magnifie hym for ever.
O ye wynter and sommer, blesse ye the Lorde : praise hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye dewes and frostes, blesse ye the Lorde : prayse him, and, magnifye hym for ever.
O ye froste and colde, blesse ye the Lorde : prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye Ice and snowe, blesse ye the Lord : prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye nightes and dayes, blesse ye the Lorde: prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye ]yght and darkenesse, blesse ye the Lord: praise hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye lighteninges and cloudes, blesse ye the Lord : praise hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O let the yearth blesse the Lorde : yes, lette it prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye Mountaynes and hylles, blesse ye the Lorde: praise hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O all ye grene thinges upon the earth, blesse ye the Lord prayse him, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye welles, blesse ye the Lorde : prayse hym, and magnyfye. hym for ever.
O ye Seas, and fluddes, blesse ye the Lorde: prayse him, and., magnyfye him for fever.
O ye whales, and al that move in the waters, blesse ye the lorde prayse him, and magnifye hym for ever.
O al ye foules of the nyre, blesse ye the lorde : prayse hym, and magnifie him for ever.
O al ye beastes, and cattell, blesse ye the Lord : praise hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye children of men, blesse ye the Lord : prayse him, and magnifye hym for ever.
O let Israel blesse the Lorde : prayse him, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye priestes of the Lord, blesse ye the Lord : prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye servauntes of the Lorde, blesse ye the Lorde : prayse hym, and magnifye hym for ever.
O ye spyrites and soules of the righteous, blesse ye the Lord prayse him, and magnifye him for ever.
O ye holye and humble men of hearte, blesse ye the Lord prayse him, and magnifye him for ever.
O Ananias, Azarias, and Misael, blesse ye the lord : prayse him, and magnifye hym for ever.
Glory bee to the father, and to the sonne : and to the holy ghoste.
As it was in the beginning, is nowe, and ever shalbe : worlde wythout ende. Amen.
And after the second lesson shalbe used and sayde, Benedictus, in Englishe as foloweth:
Benedictus.
BLESSED be the Lorde God of Israell : for he hath visyted and redemed hys people;
And hathe raysed up a mightie salvacion for us : in the house of hys servaunt David;
As he spake by the mouthe of hys holy Prophetes : whyche have been sence the worlde beganne;
That we should be saved from our enemies : and from the handes of al that hate us;
To perfourme the mercye promysed to oure forefathers : and to remembre hys holy covenaunt;
To perfourme the othe which he sware to our forefather Abraham : that he would geve us;
That we beyng delivered out of the handes of oure enemies : might serve hym wythoute feare;
In holynesse and righteousnesse before hym : all the dayes of oure lyfe.
And thou chyld, shalte be called the Prophet of the highest : for thou shalt go before the face of the Lorde, to prepare hys wayes;
To geve knowledge of salvacion unto hys people : for the remission of theyr sinnes,
Through the tender mercye of oure God : whereby the daye spring from an hyghe hath vysited us;
To geve lyghte to them that syt in darkenes, and in the shadowe of death: and to guyde our fete into the waye of peace.
Glory be to the father, and to the sonne, and to the holy ghoste.
As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shalbe : world wythout ende. Amen.
Or els thys Psalme.
Jubilate Deo. Ps. c
Then shall be sayd the Crede, by the Minister and the people, standinge.
I BELEVE in God the father almightie, maker of heaven and earth. And in Jesus Christ his onely sonne our Lord, whiche was conceved by the holy gost, borne of the virgin Mary; Suffred under Ponce Pilate, was crucifyed, dead and buried, he descended into hell. The thyrd daye he rose agayn from the dead. He ascended into heaven, and sytteth on the ryght hande of God the father almighty. From thence shall he come to judge the quicke and the dead. I beleve in the holy ghost. The holy Catholique Church. The communion of saincts. The forgeveness of synnes. The resurrection of the bodye. And the lyfe everlastinge. Amen.
And after that, these prayers folowing, aswell at Evening prayer as at Morning' prayer: all devoutly kneeling. The Minister first pronouncinge with a loude voyce.
The Lorde be wyth you.
Answer.
And wyth thy spyryte.
The Minister.
Let us praye.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Christ, have mercy upon us.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Then the Minister, Clerkes, and people, shall saye the Lordes prayer in Englishe, with a loude voyce.
Oure Father which art, &c.
Then the Minister standing up shall saye.
O Lord, shewe thy mercy upon us.
Aunswere.
And graunt us thy salvacion.
Priest.
O Lorde, save the kynge.
Aunswere.
And mercyfully hear us, when we call upon thee.
Priest.
Indue thy ministers with righteousnes.
Aunswere.
And make thy chosen people joyeful.
Priest.
O Lorde, save thy people.
Aunswere.
And blesse thine enheritaunce.
Priest.
Geve peace in oure time, O Lorde.
Aunswere.
Because there is none other that fyghteth for us, but onely thou, O God.
Priest.
O God, make clean our heartes within us.
Aunswere.
And take not thyne holy spyryte from us.
Then shal folow three Collectes. The fyrst of the daye, whyche shalbe the same that is appoynted at the Communion. The second for peace. The thyrd for Grace to lyve well. And the two last Collects shal never alter, but dayly be sayd at Morning prayer, throughout al the yere as foloweth.
The seconde Collecte for Peace.
O GOD, whiche art aucthor of peace, and lover of concorde, in knowledge of whome standeth our eternal lyfe, whose service is perfecte freedome; defend us, thy humble servants, in al assaults of our enemies, that we surely trusting in thy defence, may not feare the power of any adversaries: through the might of Jesu Christ our Lord. Amen.
The thyrde Collecte for Grace.
O LORD, our heavenly father, almighty and everlasting God, which hast safely broughte us to the beginninge of this daye: defend us in the same wyth thy mightie power, and graunt that this day we fall into no synne, nether runne into any kind of daunger: but that al our doynges may be ordred by thy governaunce, to doe alwayes that is righteous in thy syght: through Jesus Christe our Lorde. Amen.
THE
ORDER FOR THE ADMINISTRACION
OF THE
LORDES SUPPER,
OR
HOLYE COMMUNION.
SO many as entend to be partakers of the holye Communion, shall sygnifye theyr names to the Curate over nyghte, or els in the morning, afore the begynninge of mornynge prayer, or immediatly after.
And yf any of those be an open and notorious evyll lyver, so that the congregacion by hym is offended, or have done anye wronge to his neyghbours, by woord or deede: The Curate havinge knowledge thereof, shall call hym, and advertyse him, in anye wyse not to presume to the Lordes Table, untyll he have openly declared hymselfe to have truely repented, and amended hys former naughtye lyfe, that the congregacion maye thereby be satisfyed, whyche afore were offended: and that he have recompensed the parties, whome he hathe done wronge unto, or at the least declare hym selfe to be in full purpose so to doe, as soone as he conveniently maye.
The same ordre shall the Curate use with those, betwyxte whome he perceyveth malyce and hatred to rayne, not sufferinge them to be partakers of the LORDES table, untyll he know them to be reconcyled. And yf one of the parties so at variaunce be content to forgeve, from the bottome of hys hearte, all that the other hathe trespassed agaynst hym, and to make amendes for that he hym selfe hath oflended: and the other partie wyll not be persuaded to a godly unitie, but remayne styll in hys frowardnesse and malyce: The Minister in that case, ought to admytte the penitent person to the holy Communion, and not hym that is obstinate.
The Table havyng at the Communion tyme a fayre white lynnen clothe upon it, shall stande in the body of the Churche, or in the chauncell, where Morning prayer and Evening prayer be appoynted to bee sayde. And the Priest standing at the north syde of the Table, shall saye the Lordes prayer, with thys Collecte folowinge.
ALMIGHTIE God, unto whom all heartes be open, all desyres knowen, and from whom no secretes are hyd: clense the thoughtes of our heartes by the inspiracion of thy holy spirit, that we maye perfectlye love thee, and worthely magnify thy holy name: through Christ our Lorde. Amen.
Then shal the Priest rehearse distinctly all the Ten Commaundments: and the people knelyng, shal after every Commaundment aske Gods mercy for theyr transgression of the same, after thys sorte.
Ministre. God spake these wordes, and sayd: I am the Lord thy God. Thou shalt have none other Goddes but me.
People. Lord, have mercye upon us, and encline our heartes to kepe this lawe.
Ministre. Thou shalt not make to thy selfe any graven ymage nor the likeness of any thyng that is in heaven above, or in the yearthe beneath, nor in the water under the yearth. Thou shalte not bowe downe to them, nor worshyppe them: for I the lord thy God am a gelous God, and visite the sinne of the fathers upon the children, unto the thyrde and fourth generacion of them that hate me, and shewe mercye unto thousandes in them that love me and kepe my commaundments.
People. Lord, have mercye upon us, and encline our heartes to kepe thys lawe.
Ministre. Thou shalte not take the name of the lord thy God in vayne: for the lord wil not holde him gilteles that taketh his name in vayne.
People. Lord, have mercye upon us, and encline our. &c.
Ministre. Remembre that thou kepe holy the Sabboth day. Vi dayes shalt thou laboure and doe all that thou haste to doe, but the seventh day is the sabboth of the lorde thy god. In it thou shalte doe no maner of woork, thou and thy sonne and thy daughter, thy man servaunt, and thy maidservant, thy Catel, and the straunger that is within thy gates: for in vi days the lord made heaven and earth, the Sea, and al that in them is, and rested the seventh daye. Wherefore the Lorde blessed the seventh day, and halowed it.
People. Lorde, have mercye upon us, and encline our. &c.
Ministre. Honoure thy father and thy mother, that thy day may be long in the land which the lord thy god geveth thee.
People. Lorde, have mercye upon us, and encline our. &c.
Minister. Thou shalt doe no murther.
People. Lorde, have mercye upon us, and encline our. &c.
Minister. Thou shalt not commit adulterie.
People. Lorde, have mercye upon us, and encline our. &c.
Minister. Thou shalt not steale.
People. Lorde, have mercye upon us, and encline our. &c.
Ministre. Thou shalt not beare false witnesse agaynste th neighboure.
People. Lorde, have mercye upon us, and encline our heart to kepe thys lawe.
Ministre. Thou shalt not covet thy neighbours house. Tho shalt not covet thy neighbours wife, nor his servaunt, nor maid, nor his oxe, nor his asse, nor any thing that is his.
People. Lorde, have mercye upon us, and write al these thy lawes in our heartes we beseche thee.
Then shall folowe the Collecte of the doye with one of these two Collectes folowynge for the king: the Priest standing up and saying.
Let us praye.
Priest.
ALMIGHTIE God, whose kingdome is everlasting, and power infinite: have mercye upon the whole congregacion, and so rule the heart of thy chosen servaunt Edwarde the sixth, our king and governoure, that he (knowing whose minister he is) may above al thynges seek thy honoure and glory: and that we his subjectes (duely considering whose aucthoritie he hath) may faythfully serve, honour, and humbly obey him, in thee, and for thee, accordyng to thy blessed worde and ordinaunce: Throughe Jesus Christ our lord, who with thee, and the holy ghost, liveth, and reigneth ever one god, world without end. Amen.
ALMIGHTIE and everlastyng god, we be taughte by thy holy word, that the heartes of kinges are in thy rule and governaunce, and that thou dooeste dispose, and turne them as it semeth best to thy godly wysedome: we humbly beeseche thee, so to dispose and governe the heart of Edwarde the sixth, thy servaunt, our king and governoure that in al his thoughts, wordes, and workes, he may ever seke thy honor and glory, and study to preserve thy people committed to his charge, in wealth, peace, and godlynes. Graunt this, O mercifull father, for thy deare sonnes sake Jesus Christ our Lorde. Amen.
Immediatly after the Collectes, the Priest shal reade the Epistle, begynnyng thus.
The Epistle written in the. Chapter of.
And the Epistle ended, he shal saye the Gospel, beginning thus.
The Gospell wrytten in the. Chapter of.
And the Epistle and Gospel beyng ended, shal be sayd the Crede.
I BELEVE in one God, the father almighty, maker of heaven and earth, and of al things visible, and invisible: And in one lorde Jesu Christ, the only begotten sonne of God, begotten of his father before al worldes: God of goddes*, light of lyght, very God of very God: begotten, not made, beeyng of one substaunce with the father, by whom al thynges were made: who for us men and for our salvacion, came downe from heaven, and was incarnate by the holy gost, of the virgyn Mary, and was made man: and was crucified also for us, under Poncius Pilate. He suffred and was buried, and the thyrd day he rose againe accordyng to the scriptures: and ascended into heaven, and sytteth at the ryght hand of the father. And he shal come agayne with glory, to judge both the quicke and the dead: Whose kyngdome shal have none ende. And I beleve in the holy gost, the Lord and gever of lyfe, who procedeth from the father and the sonne, who with the father and the sonne together, is worshipped and glorifyed, who spake by the Prophetes. And I beleve one Catholike and Apostolike churche. I acknowledge one Baptisme for the remission of synnes. And I loke for the resurreccion of the dead, and the life of the world to come. Amen.
After the Crede, if there be no sermon, shal follow one of the homelies already set forth, or hereafter to be set forth by commune aucthoritie.
After suche sermon, homelie, or exhortacion, the Curate shal declare unto the people whether there be any holye doyes or fasting dayes the weke folowing: and earnestly exhort them to remember the poore, saying one or moe of these Sentences folowing, as he thinketh most convenient by his discrecion.
* God of God in several printings.
LET your light so shine before men, that they may see your good workes, and glorifie your father whiche is in heaven. Math. v.
Laye not up for your selves treasure upon the earth, where the rust and moth doeth corrupt, and where theves break through and steal: But laye up for yourselves treasure in heaven, where neither rust nor mothe doth corrupte, and where theves do not break through and steale. Math. vi.
Whatsoever you woulde that men shoulde doe unto you, even so do unto them: for thys is the lawe and the Prophetes. Math. vii.
Not every one that sayth unto me, lord, lord, shal entre into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doth the wil of my father which is in heaven. Math. vii.
Zache [Zaccheus] stode forth, and said unto the lord, Behold, lord, the half of my goodes I geve to the poore, and if I have done any wrong to any man, I restore fourefolde. Luke xix.
Who goeth a warre fare at any tyme at his owne coste? Who planteth a vineyarde, and eateth not of the fruite thereof? Or who fedeth a flock, and eateth not of the milke of the flocke? 1 Cor. ix.
If we have sowen unto you spiritual thinges, is it a great matter yf we shal reape your worldly thynges? 1 Cor. ix.
Do ye not know, that they which minister about holy thynges, live of the sacrifice? They which waite of the altare are partakers with the altare? Even so hath the lord also ordained: that they whiche preache the gospel, should lyve of the gospel. 1 Cor. ix.
He which soweth little, shal reape little, and he that soweth plenteously, shal reape plenteously. Let every man do according as he is disposed in his hearte; not grudgeing, or of necessitie; for God loveth a cherefull gever. 2 Cor. ix.
Let him that is taught in the word, minister unto him that teacheth, in all good thinges. Be not deceived; God is not mocked. For whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he reape. Gal. vi.
Whyle we have time, let us doe good unto al men, and specially unto them, which are of the household of faith. Gal. vi.
Godliness is greate riches, yf a man be contented with that he hath: For we brought nothing into the world, neither may we cary any thyng out. 1 Tim. vi.
Charge them which are riche in this world, that they be ready to geve, and glad to distribute, laying up in store for themselves a good foundacion, againste the time to come, that they may attayne etemall lyfe. 1 Tim. vi.
God is not unrighteous, that he wyll forgette youre workes and labour, that procedeth of love, which love ye have shewed for his names sake, which have ministred unto saincts, and yet doe ministre. [Heb. 6:10]
To doe good, and to distribute, forgeat not, for with such sacrifices god is pleased. Heb. xiii.
Whoso hath this worldes good, and seeth his brother have nede, and shutteth up his compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of god in him? 1 John iii.
Geve almose [alms] of thy goods, and turne never thy face from any poore man, and then the face of the lorde shall not be turned away from thee. Job iiii. [actually Tobit 4:7]
Be merciful after thy power. If thou hast much, geve plenteously: Yf thou hast litle, do thy dylygence gladly to geve of that litle: for so gatherest thou thy selfe a good rewarde in the day of necessitie. Job iiii. [actually Tobit 4:8-9]
He that hath pietie upon the poore lendeth unto the lord; and loke, what he laieth out, it shall be paied him again. Pro. xix.
Blessed be the man that provideth for the sicke and nedy; the lord shal deliver him, in the tyme of trouble. Psal. xli.
Then shal the Churche wardens, or some other by them appointed, gather the devocion of the people, and put the same into the poremens boxe: and upon the offering daies appointed, every man and woman shall paye to the curate the due and accustomed offeringes: after whiche done the priest shal saye.
Let us pray for the whole state of Christes Church militant here in earth.
ALMIGHTIE and everliving God, which by the holye Apostle hast taught us to make prayers and supplicacions, and to geve thankes for all menne. We humbly beseche thee most mercifullye to accepte our almose [alms] and to receive these our prayers, which we offer unto thy divine Majestie, beseching thee to inspire continually the universall churche with the spirite of trueth, unitie, and concorde: And graunt that all they that dooe confesse thy holye name, may agree in the trueth of thy holy woord, and live in unitie and godlye love. We beseche thee also to save and defende all Christian Kynges, Princes, and Governoures, and speciallye thy servaunt, Edward our Kyng, that under hym we maye bee godlye and quietly governed: and graunt unto hys whole counsayle, and to all that bee putte in aucthoritie under hym, that they may truely and indifferently minister justice, to the punishement of wickednes and vice, and to the mayntenaunce of God's true religion and vertue. Geve grace (O heavenly father) to all Bisshops, Pastours, and Curates, that they maye bothe by their lyfe and doctrine sette foorth thy true and lyvely woord, and rightly and duely administer thy holye Sacramentes: and to all thy people geve thy heavenly grace, and especiallye to thys congregacion here present, that with meke hearte and due reverence they may heare and receive thy holy woord, truely serving thee in holynesse and ryghteousnesse all the dayes of theyr lyfe. And we most humbly beseche thee of thy goodnesse (O Lord) to coumfort and succour all them, whiche in this transitory lyfe bee in trouble, sorowe, nede, sickenes, or anye other adversitie: Graunt this, O father, for Jesus Christes sake, oure onely mediatour and advocate. Amen.
Then shal folowe this exhortacion at certaine tymes when the Curate shal see the people negligent to come to the holy Communion.
WE be come together at this time, derely beloved brethren, to fede at the Lord's supper, unto the whiche in Goddes behalf I bydde you all that be here present, and beseche you for the Lord Jesus Christes sake, that ye will not refuse to come thereto, being so lovingly called and bidden of god hymselfe. Ye knowe how grevouse and unkynde a thing it is, when a man hath prepared a riche feaste, decked his table with al kinde of provision, so that there lacketh nothing but the geastes to sit down: and yet they which be called, without any cause most unthankefully refuse to come. Which of you, in such a case, would not be moved? Who would not thynke a great injury and wrong done unto him? Wherfore, most derely beloved in Christ, take ye good hede, lest ye with drawyng yourselves from this holy supper, provoke god's indignacion against you. It is an easy matter for a man to saye, I wyll not communicate, because I am otherwyse letted with worldly busines: but suche excuses be not so easily accepted and allowed beefore god. If any man saye, I am a grevous sinner, and therefore am afraied to come: wherefore then doe you not repent and amend? When god calleth you, be you not ashamed to saye you will not come? When you shoulde retume to god, wyll you excuse your selfe, and saye that you be not ready? Consydre earnestly with youreselves howe lytle such feyned excuses shall avayl before God. They that refused the feaste in the gospell, because they had boughte a farme, or would trie theyr yokes of oxen, or because they were maried, were not so excused, but counted unworthy of the heavenly feast. I for my part am here present, and according to mine office, I bidde you in the name of God, I call you in Christ's behalf, I exhort you, as you love your owne salvacion, that ye wilbe partakers of thys holy Communion. And as the sonne of God did vouchesafe to yelde up hys soule by death upon the Crosse for youre health: even so it is youre duetie to receyve the Communion together in the remembraunce of hys death, as he himself commaunded. Nowe if you wyll in nowyse thus doe, considre with youreselves howe greate injurye you do unto God, and howe sore punishmente hangeth over your heades for the same. And whereas ye offend god so sore in refusing this holy Banquet, I admonishe, exhort, and beseche you, that unto this unkindnes ye wyll not adde any more. Which thing ye shah doe, if ye stande by as gazers and lokers on them that doe communicate, and be no partakers of the same yourselves. For what thing can this be accoumpted els, then a further contempt and unkindness unto god. Truely it is a great unthankfuhnes to saye naye when ye be called: but the faulte is muche greater when men stand by, and yet wyll neither eate nor drynke this holy Communion with other. I pray you what can this be els, but even to have the mysteries of Christ in derision? It is said unto all: Take ye and eate. Take and drinke ye all of thys: doe this in remembraunce of me. With what face then, or with what countenaunce shal ye hear these words? What wil this be els but a neglecting, a despysing, and mocking of the Testament of Christ? Wherefore, rather then you should so doe, depart you hence and geve place to them that be godly disposed. But when you depart, I beseche you, pondre with yourselves from whom you depart: ye depart from the lordes table, ye depart from your brethren, and from the banquete of moste heavenly fode. These thynges if ye earnestly considre, ye shal by gods grace returne to a better mynd, for the obteyning whereof, we shal make our humble peticions while we shall receive the holy Communion.
Yf there be none almosen geven unto the poore, then shal the wordes of acceptyng our almes be lefte out unsayde.
And some tyme shal be sayd this also, at the discrecion of the Curate.
DERELY beloved, forasmuche as our duetie is to rendre to Almightie god our heavenly father most harty thankes, for that he hath geven his sonne our savioure Jesus Christ, not only to die for us, but also to be our spiritual fode and sustenaunce, as it is declared unto us, as wel by goddes word as by the holy Sacramentes of his blessed body and bloud, the whiche being so comfortable a thyng to them whiche receive it worthely, and so daungerous to them that wyl presume to receive it unworthely:
My duetie is to exhort you to consider the dignitie of the holy mistery, and the greate perel of the unworthy receiving thereof, and so to searche and examine your own consciences, as you should come holy and cleane to a moste Godly and heanenly feaste: so that in no wise you come but in the mariage garment, required of god in holy scripture; and so come and be received, as worthy partakers of suche a heavenly table. The way and meanes thereto is: First to examine your lives and conversacion by the rule of goddes commaundements, and whereinsoever ye shall perceive your selves to have offended, either by wil, word, or dede, there beewaile your owne sinful lives, confess your selfes to almightie god with ful purpose of amendment of life. And yf ye shah perceive your offences to be such, as be not only against god, but also againste your neighbours: then ye shal reconcile your selves unto them, ready to make restitucion and satisfaccion, accordyng to the uttermost of your powers, for all injuries and wronges done by you to any other: and likewise beeyng ready to forgeve other that have offended you; as you would have forgevenesse of your offences at gods hande: for otherwyse the receiving of the holy Communion doth nothyng els, but encrease your damnacion. And because it is requisite that no man shoulde come to the holy Communion but with a full truste in God's mercy, and with a quiet conscience: therefore if there be any of you which by the meanes afore said cannot quiet his own conscience, but requireth further comfort or counsel; then let him come to me, or some other discreet and learned minister of god's word, and open his griefe, that he may receive such gostlye counsail, advise, and coumfort, as his conscience maye be relieved; and that by the ministery of god's word he may receive coumfort and the benefite of absolucion, to the quietting of his conscience, and avoiding of al Scruple and doubtfulnes.
Then shal the Priest say thys exhortacion.
DERELY beloved in the Lord: ye that mynde to come to the holy Communion of the body and bloud of our saviour Christ, muste considre what St. Paul writeth to the Corinthians, how he exhorteth all persons diligently to trye and examine themselves, before they presume to eate of that bread, and drinke of that cup: for as the benefite is great, if with a truly penitent heart and lively fayth, we receive that holy Sacrament (for then we spirituallye eate the fleshe of Christ, and drynke hys bloud, then we dwel in Christ and Christ in us, we be one with Christ, and Christ with us;) so is the daunger great, if we receive the same unworthely. For then we be giltie of the bodye and bloud of Christ our saviour. We eate and drynke our own damnacion, not consideryng the Lordes body. We kindle Goddes wrath againste us, we provoke hym to plague us with divers diseases, and sundry kynds of death. Therfore, yf any of you be a blasphemer of God, an hynderer or slaunderer of his worde, an adulturer, or be in malice or envie, or in any other grevous cryme, bewayle your sinnes, and come not to thys holy Table; lest after the takyng of that holy Sacrament, the Devill entre into you, as he entred into Judas, and fyll you ful of al iniquities, and bryng you to destruccion, both of bodye and soule. Judge therefore your selves (brethren) that ye bee not judged of the Lorde. Repent you truely for your sinnes paste have a lively and stedfaste fayth in Christe our savioure. Amende youre lyves, and be in perfecte charitie with al men, so shall ye be meete partakers of those holy misteries. And above all thynges, ye muste geve most humble and hartie thankes to God the father, the sonne, and the holy ghost, for the redempcyon of the worlde by the death and passyon of our Saviour Chryst, both God and man, who did humble hymself, even to the death upon the Crosse for us miserable synners, which laye in darkenesse and shadowe of death, that he myght make us the chyldren of God, and exalte us to everlastinge lyfe. And to thend that we shoulde alway remembre the exceding great love of our Maister, and onely Savioure Jesu Christ, thus dying for us, and the innumerable benefites, (whiche by his precyous bloud sheding) he hath obteined to us, he hath instituted and ordayned holy misteries, as pledges of his love, and continual remembraunce of hys death, to our great and endles comforte. To hym therefore, with the father and the holy ghost, let us geve (as we are most bounden) continuall thankes: submitting our selves wholy to hys holy wil and pleasure, and studying to serve him in true holyness and righteousnesse, all the dayes of oure lyfe. Amen.
Then shal the Priest saye to them that come to receive the holy Communion.
You that doe truly and earnestly repente you of youre synnes, and bee in love and charitie with your neighbours, and entende to heade a newe lyfe, folowyng the commaundments of god, and walking from henceforth in his holy waies: Drawe nere and take this holy Sacramente to youre comfort: make your humble confession to almightie god, before this congregacion here gathered together in his holy name, mekely knelyng upon your knees.
Then shal this general confession be made, in the name of al those that are mynded to receive the holy Communion, eyther by one of them, or els by one of the ministers, or by the Priest himself, al kneling humbly upon theyr knees.
ALMIGHTIE God, father of our Lorde Jesus Christe, maker of all thyngs, Judge of all men, we knowledge and bewayle oure manyfolde synnes and wyckednes, whiche we from tyme to tyme moste grevously have committed, by thoughte, woord and dede, agaynst thy devine Majestie: provokyng most justely thy wrath and indignacion agaynste us: we doe earnestlye repente, and be hartely sory for these our misdoynges: the remembraunce of them is grievouse unto us, the burthen of them is intollerable: have mercye upon us, have mercye upon us, moste mercifull father, for thy sonne oure Lorde Jesus Chrystes sake: forgeve us all that is past, and graunt that we maye ever here after serve and please thee, in newnesse of lyfe, to the honoure and glory of thy name: Through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Then shal the Priest or the Bisshop (being present) stand up, and turning himselfe to the people, say thus,
ALMIGHTIE god, our heavenly father, who of his great mercy, hath promised forgeveness of synnes to all them, whiche with hartie repentaunce and true fayth turne unto hym: have mercye upon you, pardon and deliver you from all your synnes, confirme and strength you in all goodnesse and bring you to everlasting life: through Jesus Christe our Lorde. Amen.
Then shal the Priest also saye,
Heare what comfortable woords our savioure Christe sayeth, to al that truly turne to hym.
Come unto me all that travaile, and be heavye laden, and I shal refreshe you. So god loved the world, that he gave his onely begotten sonne to thend that al that beleve in him, should not perishe, but have life everlasting.
Heare also what Sainct Paul sayeth.
This is a true saying, and worthy of all men to be received, that Jesus Christe came into the world to save synners.
Heare also what Sainct John sayeth.
If any man sinne, we have an advocate with the father, Jesus Christ the righteous, and he is the propiciacion for our synnes.
After the whiche the Priest shall procede, saying,
Lyfte up your heartes.
Answer. We lyfte them up unto the Lorde.
Priest. Let us geve thankes unto our Lorde God.
Answer. It is mete and right so to doe.
Priest. It is very mete, ryght, and oure bounden duetie, that we should at al times, and in al places, geve thankes unto thee, O lord holy father, almightie everlastyng God.
Here shal folowe the proper Preface accordinge to the tyme (yf there be any specially appointed,) or els immediatly shal folowe. Therefore with Angelles, &c.
PROPRE PREFACES.
Upon Christmas daye, and seven dayes after.
BECAUSE thou diddest geve Jesus Christ, thine onely sonne, to be borne as this daye for us, who by the operacion of the holy goste, was made very man, of the substaunce of the Virgin Mary his mother, and that without spot of synne, to make us cleane from al synne. Therefore, &c.
Upon Easter daye, and seven dayes after.
BUT chiefly are we bounde to prayse thee, for the glorious resurreccion of Thy sonne Jesus Christ our Lorde; for he is the very Paschall lambe which was offered for us, and hath taken away the sinne of the worlde, who by his death hath destroyed death, and by his rysing to lyfe agayne hath restored to us ever lasting lyfe. Therefore, &c.
Upon the Ascencion daye, and seven dayes after.
THROUGHE thy moste dere beloved sonne, Jesus Christ our lorde, who after his moste glorious resurreccion manifestlye appeared to all hys Apostles, and in their sighte ascended up into heaven, to prepare a place for us, that where he is, thether might we also ascend, and reigne with him in glorye. There fore, &c.
Upon Whitsondaye, and six dayes after.
THROUGH Jesus Christ our Lorde, accordyng to whose most true promise, the holye ghoste came downe thys daye from heaven, with a sodayne great sound, as it had been a myghty wynde, in the lykenesse of fyery tongues, lyghting upon the Apostles, to teache them, and to leade them to all trueth, geving them both the gyft of diverse languages, and also boldnes with fervent zeale, constantly to preache the gospell unto all nacions, whereby we are brought out of darknesse and errour, into the cleare lyghte and true knowledge of thee, and of thy sonne Jesus Christ. Therefore with. &c.
Upon the feast of Trinitie onely.
IT is very mete, ryght, and our bounden duetie, that we shoulde at all tymes, and in all places, geve thanks to thee, O Lord, almightie and everlasting God, whiche art one God, one Lorde, not one onely person, but three persons in one substaunce: For that which we beleve of the glorye of the father, the same we beleve of the sonne, and of the holye ghoste without anye dyfference, or inequalitie. Therefore with. &c.
After whiche preface, shal folowe immediatly,
Therefore with Angelles and Archangelles, and with al the companye of heaven, we laude and magnifye thy glorious name, evermore praysing thee, and saying:
Holye, holye, holye, Lorde God of hostes: heaven and yearthe are full of thy glory: glory be to thee, O lord, most high.
Then shal the Priest, kneling down at Goddes borde, say in the name of all them that shal receive the Communion, this praier folowyng.
WE doe not presume to come to this thy table (O mercyfull Lorde) trustinge in our owne righteousnesse, but in thy manifolde and greate mercies: we bee not worthye, so much as to gather up the crommes under thy table: but thou art the same Lorde whose propertie is alwayes to have mercye: graunt us therfore (gracious lord) so to eate the fleshe of thy dere sonne Jesus Christe, and to drinke his bloud, that our synfulle bodyes maye be made cleane by his body, and our soules wasched through his most precious bloud, and that we may evermore dwel in him, and he in us. Amen.
Then the Priest standing up shal saye, as foloweth.
ALMIGHTY God oure heavenly father, whiche of thy tender mercye dyddest geve thine onely sonne Jesus Christ, to suffre death upon the crosse for our redempcion, who made there (by hys one oblacion of hymselfe once offered) a full, perfecte and sufficiente sacrifice, oblacion, and satisfaccion, for the synnes of the whole worlde, and dyd institute, and in hys holye Gospell commaund us to continue, a perpetuall memorye of that his precious death, untyll hys comynge agayne: Heare us O mercyefull father wee beeseche thee; and graunt that wee, receyving these thy creatures of bread and wyne, accordinge to thy sonne our Savioure Jesus Christ's holy institucion, in remembraunce of his death and passion, maye be partakers of his most blessed body and bloud: who, in the same night that he was betrayed, tooke bread, and when he had geven thanks, he brake it, and gave it to his Disciples, sayinge: Take, eate, this is my bodye which is geven for you. Doe this in remembraunce of me. Lykewyse after supper he tooke the cup, and when he had geven thankes, he gave it to them, sayinge: Drink ye all of this, for this is my bloud of the new Testament, whiche is shed for you and for many, for remission of synnes: do this as oft as ye shah drinke it in remembraunce of me.
Then shal the minister first receyve the Communion in both kyndes hymselfe, and next deliver it to other ministers, yf any be there present (that they may help the chief minister,) and after to the people in their handes kneling.
And when he delyvereth the bread, he shall saye.
Take and eate this, in remembraunce that Christ dyed for thee, and feede on him in thy hearte by faythe, with thankesgeving.
And the Minister that delyvereth the cup, shal saye,
Drinke this in remembraunce that Christ's bloude was shed for thee, and be thankefull.
Page from the 1552 Book showing the form for administration of the elements
Then shall the Priest saye the Lordes prayer, the people repeating after him every peticion.
After shalbe sayde as foloweth.
O LORDE and heavenly father, we thy humble servaunts entierly desire thy fatherly goodnes, mercifully to accept this our Sacrifice of prayse and thanksgeving: most humbly beseching thee to graunt, that by the merites and death of thy sonne Jesus Christe, and through fayth in his bloud, we and al thy whole church may obtayne remission of oure synnes, and all other benefytes of his Passion. And here we offre and presente unto thee, O lord, our selfes, our soules, and bodies, to be a reasonable holy, and lively Sacrifice unto thee: humbly beseching thee that al we which be partakers of this holy Communion, maye bee fulfylled with thy grace and heavenhy benediccion. And although we bee unworthy throughe oure manifolde sinnes to offre unto thee any Sacrifice: yet we beseche thee to accept this our bounden duetie and service, not weighing our merites, but pardoning our offences, through Jesus Christ our Lord; by whom and with whom, in the unitie of the holy ghost, all honour and glory bee unto thee, O father almightie, world without ende. Amen.
Or this.
ALMIGHTIE and everliving God, we most hartely thank thee, for that thou dooest vouchsafe to fede us, whiche have duely receyved these holye misteries, with the spirituall foode of the most precious body and bloud of thy sonne our saviour Jesus Christ, and doest assure us thereby of thy favoure and goodnes towarde us, and that we bee verye membres incorporate in thy mistical body, which is the blessed companie of all faythfull people, and be also heyrs, through hope, of thy everlasting kingdom, by the merites of the most precious death and Passion of thy deare sonne. We now most humbly beseche thee, O heavenly father, so to assiste us with thy grace, that we may continue in that holy felowship, and do al such good workes, as thou hast prepared for us to walk in: through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom, with thee and the holy ghost, be all honour and glorye, world without ende. Amen.
Then shalbe sayd or song.
GLORYE bee to God on hyghe. And in yearth peace, good wyll towardes men. We prayse thee, we blesse thee, we worshippe thee, we glorifye thee, we geve thanks to thee for thy greate glorye, O Lorde God heavenly kyng, God the father almightie. O lord the onely begotten sonne Jesu Christ: O lord God, Lambe of god, sonne of the father, that takest away the sinnes of the worlde, have mercye upon us: Thou that takest away the sines of the world, have mercye upon us. Thou that takest awaye the sinnes of the world, receyve oure prayer. Thou that syttest at the ryght hande of God the father, have mercye upon us: For thou only art holy, Thou only arte the Lord. Thou only, (O Christ,) with the holy ghost, art most high in the glory of god the father. Amen.
Then the Priest or the Bishop, if he be present, shal let them depart with thys blessyng:
THE peace of GOD which passeth al understanding kepe youre heartes and mynds in the knowledge and love of GOD, and of his sonne Jesus Christ our Lord: And the blessing of god almightye, the father, the sonne, and the holy ghost, be amongest you and remayne with you always. Amen.
Collectes to be saide after the Offertorie, when there is no Communyon, every suche daye one. And the same maye be sayd also as often as occasion shal serve, after the Collectes, eyther of Morning and Evening prayer, Communion or Letany, by the discrecion of the minister.
ASSIST us mercyfully, O lord, in these our supplicacions and prayers, and dispose the waye of thy servaunts toward the attaynment of everlasting salvacion: that among al the chaunges and chaunces of this mortall lyfe, they may ever be defended by thy most gracious and ready helpe; throughe Christ our Lorde. Amen.
O ALMIGHTIE Lord and everliving god, vouchsafe, we beseche thee, to directe, sanctifye, and governe, both oure heartes and bodies, in the wayes of thy lawes, and in the woorks of thy commaundments: that through thy most mightie proteccion, both here and ever, we may be preserved in body and soule: through our lorde and savioure Jesus Christ. Amen.
GRAUNT, we beseche thee, Almightie God, that the wordes which we have heard this daye, with our outward eares, may through thy grace be so grafted inwardly in oure heartes, that they may bring forth in us the fruite of good living, to the honour and prayse of thy name: through Jesus Christ our Lorde. Amen.
PREVENT us, O Lord, in al our doinges, with thy most gracious favoure, and further us with thy continual helpe, that in all our works begon, continued, and ended in thee, we may glorifye thy holy name, and finallye by thy mercie obtayne everlasting lyfe: through Jesus Christ our Lorde. Amen.
ALMIGHTY God, the fountayn of al wisdom, which knowest our necessities before we ask, and oure ignoraunce in asking: we beseche thee to have compassion upon our infirmities, and those things, whiche for our unworthinesse we dare not, and for oure blindnesse we cannot aske, vouchsafe to geve us for the worthines of thy sonne Jesus Christe our Lord. Amen.
ALMIGHTYE God, whiche haste promysed to heare the peticions of them that aske in thy sonnes name: we beseche thee mercyfully to enclyne thyne eares to us that have made nowe oure prayers and supplicacions unto thee: and graunt that those things which we faythfully asked according to thy wyll, may effectually be obteyned to the reliefe of our necessitie, and to the setting foorth of thy glory: Through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.
Upon the holy dayes, yf there be no Communion, shalbe said at that is appoynted at the Communion, until the ende of the Homelie, concluding with the general prayer, ' for the whole state of Christ's churche militante here in earth: ' and one or moe of these Collectes before rehearsed, as occasyon shal serve.
And there shal be no celebracion of the lordes Supper, except there be a good noumbre to communicate wyth the Priest, accordynge to hys discrecion.
And yf there be not above twentie persons in the Parishe of discretion to receive the Communion: yet there shalbe no Communion, excepte foure, or three at the least communicate wyth the Prieste. And in Cathedrall and Collegiate churches, where be many Priestes and Deacons, they shall at receyve the Communion wyth the minister every Sonday at the least, excepte they have a reasonable cause to the contrary.
And to take away the supersticion, whiche any person hothe, or myghte have in the bread and wyne, it shall suffyse that the bread bee such, as is usuall to bee eaten at the Table wyth other meates, but the best and purest wheate bread, that conveniently maye be gotten. And yf any of the bread or wine remayne, the Curate shal have it to hys owne use.
The bread and wyne for the Communion shall be provyded by the Curate, and the churchwardens, at the charges of the Parishe, and the Parishe shalbe discharged of such summes of money, or other dueties, which hetherto they have payde for the same, by order of theyr houses every Sondaye.
And note, that every Parishioner shalt communicate, at the least thre tymes in the yere: of which, Easter to be one: and shal also receyve the Sacramentes, and other rytes, according to the order in this boke appointed. And verely at Easter, every Parishioner shal reken with his Person, [parson] Vicare, or Curate, or his, or their deputie or deputies, and paye to them or hym all Ecclesiasticall dueties, accustomabty due, then and at that tyme to be payde.
Although no ordre can be so perfectlye devised, but it may be of some, eyther for theyr ignoraunce and infermitie, or els of malice and obstinacie, misconstrued, depraved, and interpreted in a wrong part: And yet because brotherly charitie willeth, that so much as conveniently may be, offences shoulde be taken awaye: therefore we willing to doe the same. Whereas it is ordeyned in the booke of common prayer, in the administracion of the Lord's Supper, that the Communicants knelyng shoulde receyve the holye Communion. whiche thynge beyng well mente, for a sygnificacion of the humble and gratefull acknowledgyng of the benefites of Chryst, geven unto the woorthye receyver, and to avoyde the prophanacion and dysordre, which about the holy Communion myght els ensue: Leste yet the same kneelyng myght be thought or taken otherwyse, we dooe declare that it is not ment thereby, that any adoracion is doone, or oughte to bee doone, eyther unto the Sacramentall bread or wyne there bodily receyved, or unto anye reall and essencial presence there beeyng of Christ's naturall fleshe and bloude. For as concernynge the Sacramentall bread and wyne, they remayne styll in theyr verye naturall substaunces, and therefore may not be adored, for that were Idolatrye to be abhorred of all faythfull christians. And as concernynge the naturall body and blood of our saviour Christ, they are in heaven and not here. For it is agaynst the trueth of Christes true natural bodye, to be in moe places then in one, at one tyme.
THE
MINISTRACION OF BAPTISME
TO BE USED IN THE CHURCHE.
IT appeareth by auncient wryters, that the Sacramente of Baptisme in the olde tyme was not commonlye ministred but at two tymes in the yeare: at Easter and Whytsontyde. At which tymes it was openly ministred in the presence of all the congregacion: whiche custome (nowe being growen out of use) althoughe it cannot for many consideracions be well restored agayne, yet it is thoughte good to folowe the same as nere as conveniently may be: wherefore the people are to be admonished, that it is most conveniente that Baptisme should not be ministred but upon Sundayes, and other holy dayes, when the moste noumbre of people maye come together as well for that the congregacion there present may testifye the receyving of them, that be newely Baptysed, into the noumbre of Christes Churche, as also because in the Baptisme of infantes, every man present may be put in remembraunce of hys owne profession made to God in hys Baptisme. For whyche cause also, it is expediente that Baptisme be ministred in the Englishe tongue. Neverthelesse (yf necessitie so requyre) chyldren maye at all tymes be Baptized at home.
PUBLIQUE BAPTISME.
When there are chyldren to be Baptized upon the Sunday or holy day, the Parentes shall geve knowledge over nyght or in the morning, afore the beginning of Morning prayer, to the Curate. And then the Godfathers, Godmothers, and people, with the children, muste be ready at the Fonte, eyther immediatly after the laste Lesson at Morning prayer, or els immediately after the last Lesson at Evening prayer, as the Curate by his discretion shall appoynte. And then standing there, the Priest shall aske whether the children be Baptyzed or no. If they answere, no; then shall the Prieste saye thus.
DEARELY beloved, for asmuche as all men bee conceyved and borne in synne, and that oure Saviour Christ saith, none can entre into the kingdom of God (except he be regenerate and borne a newe of water and the holy Ghost); I beseche you to call upon God the father through our Lord Jesus Christ, that of his bounteous mercie, he will graunt to these children, that thing which by nature they cannot have, that they may be Baptized with water and the holy ghoste, and receyved into Christes holy church, and be made lyvely membres of the same.
Then the Priest shal saye.
Let us praye.
ALMIGHTY and everlasting God, which of thy great merce diddest save Noe and his familie in the Arke from perishing by water: and also dyddest safely leade the chyldren of Israel, thy people throughe the redde Sea: figuring thereby thy holy Baptisme and by the Baptisme of thy welbeloved sonne Jesus Christe, dyddest sanctifye the floud Jordane, and al other waters, to the mistical washing away of sinne: We beseche thee for thy infinite mercies, that thou wylt mercyfully loke upon these chyldren, sanctifie them and washe them with thy holy ghoste, that they, beyng delivered from thy wrath, may be receyved into the Arke of Christes Church, and beyng stedfast in fayth, joyeful through hope, and rooted in charitie, may so passe the waves of this troublesome world, that finally they maye come to the lande of everlasting lyfe, there to reygne wyth thee, worlde without ende, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.
ALMIGHTIE and immortall God, the ayde of all that nede, the helper of all that flee to thee for succour, the lyfe of them that beleve, and the resurreccion of the dead: We call upon thee for these infantes, that they coming to thy holye Baptisme, may receyve remission of theyre sinnes by spirituall regeneracion. Receyve them (O Lord) as thou hast promysed by thy wel beloved sonne, sayinge Aske, and you shal have, seke, and you shal fynd, knocke, and it shal be opened unto you. So geve now unto us that aske. Let us that seke fynde. Open the gate unto us that knocke, that these infantes may enjoye the everlasting benediccion of thy heavenly washing, and may come to the eternall Kingdom, which thou haste promysed by Christe our Lorde. Amen.
Then shal the Priest say:
Heare the wordes of the Gospell, wrytten by Sainct Marke in the tenth Chapter.
AT a certayne tyme they broughte chyldren to Chryste that he shoulde touche them, and his Disciples rebuked those that broughte them. But when Jesus sawe it, he was displeased, and sayde unto them: Suffre lyttle children to come unto me, and forbid them not; for to suche belongeth the kingdom of God. Verely I saye unto you: whosoever doeth not receyve the kingdom of God, as a lyttle chyld, he shall not entre therein. And when he hadde taken them up in his ames, he put his handes upon them, and blessed them. 
Mark x.
After the Gospel is read, the Minister shat make this brief exhortacion upon the woords of the Gospell.
FRENDES, you heare in this Gospell the wordes of oure saviour Christe, that he commaunded the children to be brought unto him: how he blamed those that would have kept them from him: how he exhorteth al men to follow their innocencie. You perceyve how by his outward gesture and dede he declared his good wyl toward them. For he embrased them in his arms, he laide his handes upon them, and blessed them. Doubt not ye therefore, but earnestly believe, that he wyll lykewise favourably receyve these presente infantes, that he wyl embrase them with the armes of his mercie, that he wyll geve unto them the blessinge of eternal life, and make them partakers of his everlasting kingdome. Wherefore we beeing thus perswaded of the good will of our heavenly father towards these infantes, declared by his sonne Jesus Christ; and nothinge doubtinge but that he favourably alloweth this charitable worke of ours, in bringinge these children to his holy Baptisme: let us faythfullye and devoutlye geve thankes unto hym, and saye.
ALMIGHTIE and everlasting God, heavenly father, we geve thee humble thankes, that thou haste vouchsafed to call us to the knowledge of thy grace, and faith in thee: encrease this knowledge, .and confirme this fayth in us evermore: Geve thy holy spirite to these infantes, that they maye bee borne agayne, and bee made heyres of everlastinge salvacion, through our Lord Jesus Christ: who lyveth and reygneth with thee and the holy spirite, now and for ever. Amen.
Then the priest shal speake unto the Godfathers and Godmothers, on this wyse.
WELBELOVED frends, ye have broughte these children here to bee Baptyzed; ye have prayed that oure Lorde Jesus Christ would vouchsafe to receive them, to laye his hands upon them, to blesse them, to release them of theyre sinnes, to geve them the kingdome of heaven, and everlasting lyfe. Ye have heard also that our Lorde Jesus Christ hath promysed in his Gospell, to graunte all these thinges that ye have prayed for: which promyse he for his part wyl most surely kepe and perfourme. Wherfore after this promise made by Christ, these infants must also faithfully for their part promise by you that be their suerties, that they wil forsake the devil and al his workes, and constantly beleve gods holy worde, and obediently kepe his commaundmentes.
Then shall the Priest demaunde of the Godfathers and Godmothers these questions folowynge.
DOEST thou forsake the devyl and al his workes, the vayne pompe and glorye of the worlde, with al covetouse desyres of the same, the carnall desyres of the flessh, so that thou wylt not folow, nor be led by them?
Aunswere. I forsake them all.
Minister. Doest thou beleve in God the father almightie, maker of heaven and earth? and in Jesus Christ his onely begotten sonne our Lorde, and that he was conceyved by the holy ghoste, borne of the vyrgin Mary, that he suffred under Poncius Pylate, was crucified, dead, and buried, that he went downe into hell, and also dyd ryse again the thyrd daye; that he ascended into heaven, and sytteth at the right hande of God the father almightie, and from thence shal come agayne at the end of the worlde, to judge the quicke and the dead:
And doest thou beleve in the holy ghost, the holye Catholique Churche, the Communion of Sainctes, the remission of sinnes, the resurreccion of the flesh, and everlasting lyfe after death?
Aunswere. All this I stedfastly beleve.
Ministre. Wylt thou be baptyzed in this fayth?
Aunswere. That is my desyre.
Then shall the Priest saye.
O MERCYFULL God, graunt that the olde Adam in these chyldren maye be so buried, that the newe man maye be raysed up in them. Amen.
Graunt that al carnall affeccions maye dye in them, and that all things belonginge to the spirite may lyve and growe in them. Amen.
Graunt that they maye have power and strength to have victorie and to triumphe agaynste the devyll, the worlde, and the fleshe. Amen.
Graunt that whosoever is here dedicated to thee by our office and ministerie, may also be endued with heavenly vertues, and everlastingly rewarded throughe thy mercye, O blessed Lord God, who doest lyve and governe al thinges worlde without ende. Amen.
ALMIGHTIE everliving God, whose most dearely beloved sonne Jesus Christ, for the forgeveness of our sinnes, did shead out of his most precious syde bothe water and bloud, and gave commaundement to his disciples that they shoulde goe teache all nacions, and baptize them in the name of the father, the sonne, and of the holy ghost: Regarde, we beseche thee, the supplicacions of thy congregacion, and graunte that al thy servauntes which shalbe baptyzed in this water, may receyve the fulnesse of thy grace, and ever remayne in the noumbre of thy faythfull and electe chyldren, throughe Jesus Christ our Lorde. Amen.
Then the Priest shal take the childe in his handes, and aske the name: and naming the chyld, shal dippe it in the water, so it be discretely and warely done, sayinge.
N. I Baptyse thee in the name of the father, and of the sonne, and of the holy ghost. Amen.
And yf the child be weke, it shall suffyce to power water upon it sayinge the foresayde wordes.
N. I Baptyse thee in the name of the father, and of the sonne, and of the holy ghost. Amen.
Then the Priest shall make a crosse upon the chyld's forehead, sayinge.
WE receyve this child into the congregacion of Christes flocke, and doe signe him with the signe of the crosse, in token that hereafter he shal not be ashamed to confesse the fayth of Christ crucified, and manfully to fight under his banner agaynst synne, the world, and the devyll, and to continue Christ's faythfull souldiour and servaunt unto his lyves end. Amen.
Then shall the Priest saye.
SEEYNG nowe, derely beloved brethren, that these chyldren be regenerate and grafted into the bodye of Christes congregacion: lette us geve thankes unto God for these benefites, and with one accorde make our praiers unto almighty god, that they may leade the rest of theyr lyfe according to this begmnninge.
Then shall be sayde.
OUR father which art in heaven, &c.
Then shall the Priest saye.
WE yelde thee heartie thankes, most merciful father, that it hathe pleased thee to regenerate this infant with thy holy spirite, to receyve him for thy owne chylde by adopcion, and to incorporate him into thy holy congregacion. And humbly we beseche thee to graunt that he, being dead unto sinne, and lyving unto righteousnes, and beeinge buried with Christ in his death, may crucify the old man, and utterly abolishe the whole body of sine: that as he is made partaker of the death of thy sonne, so he may be partaker of his resurreccion: so that finalli, with the residue of thy holy congregacion, he may be enheritour of thine everlasting kingdom: through Christ our lord. Amen.
At the last ende, the Priest, calling the Godfathers and Godmothers together, shall saye this short exhortacion folowinge.
FORASMUCHE as these chyldren have promysed by you to forsake the Devyl and all hys workes, to beleve in God, and to serve him; you must remembre that it is youre partes and dueties to see these infantes be taught, so sone as they shalbe hable to learne, what a solemne vowe, promise, and profession they have made by you. And that they maye knowe these thinges the better, ye shal call upon them to heare sermons: And chiefly ye shal provyde that they may learne the Crede, the Lordes prayer, and the ten Commaundements, in the Englishe tongue, and all other thyngs whiche a Chrystian man ought to knowe and beleve, to his soules health: and that these children may be vertuously brought up to leade a godlye and Christen lyfe; Remembryng alwaye that Baptism doeth represente unto us our profession, which is, to folowe the example of our saviour Christe, and to be made lyke unto hym; that as he dyed and rose agayne for us, so should we which are baptized die from sinne, and ryse agayne unto righteousnesse, continually mortyfying al our evill and corrupte affeccions, and dayly proceding in all vertue, and godlynes of lyving.
The Minister shal commaunde that the chyldren be brought to the Bisshop to be confirmed of him, so sone as they can saie in theyr vulgare tongue the articles of the fayth, the lord's prayer, and the x commaundements, and be further instructed in the Catechisme, set forth for that purpose, accordingly as it is there expressed.
OF THEM THAT BE
BAPTYSED IN PRIVATE HOUSES
IN TYME OF NECESSITIE.
The Pastours and Curates shall oft admonishe the People that they deferre not the Baptisme of Infantes anye longer than the Sondaye, or other holye daye nexte after the chyld bee borne, unlesse upon a great and reasonable cause declared to the Curate and by him approved.
And also they shal warne them, that without great cause and necessitie, they baptyse not chyldren at home in theyre houses. And when great nede shot compel them so to do, that then they minister it on this fashion.
First let them that be Present cal upon God for his grace, and saye the Lordes prayer, yf the tyme wyl suffre. And then one of them shall name the chyld, and dippe him in the water, or Powre water upon him, saying these wordes.
N. I Baptyse thee in the name of the father, and of the sonne, and of the holy ghost. Amen.
And let them not doubt, but that the child so Baptised, is lawfully and sufficiently Baptised, and ought not to be Baptized agayne, in the Church. But yet neverthelesse yf the child which is after this sorte Baptised, do afterward lyve, it is expedient that he be brought into the churche, to the entent the Priest may examine and trie, whether the child be lawfully Baptized or no. And yf those that bringe any child to the church do answere that he is already baptysed, then shall the Priest examine them further.
By whom the chyld was Baptysed?
Who was present when the chyld was Baptysed?
Whether they called upon God for grace and succour in that necessitie?
With what thing, or what matter, they dyd Baptyse the chylde.
With what wordes the chide was Baptised?
Whether they thinke the childe to bee lawefully and perfectly Baptysed?
And yf the ministers shall prove by the aunsweres of suche as brought the childe, that at thinges were done as they ought to be: Then shall not he Christen the chylde agayne but shal receyve him, as one of the flocke of the true Christian People, sayinge thus.
I CERTIFIE you, that in this case ye have done well, and according unto due order concerning the baptysing of this child, which beynge born in original synne and in the wrathe of God, is nowe by the laver [water] of regeneracion in Baptisme receyved into the noumbre of the children of God, and heyres of everlasting lyfe: for our Lorde Jesus Christ doeth not denie his grace and mercie unto such infantes, but most lovingly doth cal them unto him, as the holy gospel doeth witnesse to our comfort, on this wyse.
AT a certayne tyme they brought chyldren unto Christ that he should touche them, and his disciples rebuked those that brought them. But when Jesus saw it, he was displeased, and sayde unto them: Suffre litle chyldren to come unto me, and forbid them not, for to such belongeth the kingdom of God. Verely I saye unto you, whosoever doeth not receyve the kyngdome of God as a litle chyld, he shal not entre therein. And when he had taken them up in his arms, he put his handes upon them and blessed them.
Mark x.
After the Gospell is read, the Minister shall make this exhortacion upon the words of the Gospel.
FRENDES, youe heare in this Gospell the wordes of our Saviour Christe, that he commaunded the chyldren to bee broughte unto him: howe he blamed those that woulde have kepte them from him: howe he exhorted all men to folow their innocencie: ye perceyne howe by his outwarde gesture and dede he declared his good wyll toward them. For he embrased them in his arms, he layde his handes upon them, and blessed them. Doubt ye not therefore, but earnestly believe, that he hath lykewise favourably receyved thys present infante, that he hath embrased him with the armes of his mercie, that he hath geven unto him the blessinge of eternall lyfe, and made him partaker of his everlasting kyngdome. Wherfore we beeing thus perswaded of the good wyll of our heavenly father, declared by hys sonne Jesus Christ towardes this infant: Let us faythfully and devoutly geve thankes unto hym, and saye the prayer which the Lorde himselfe taught; and in declaracion of our fayth, let us recyte the articles conteyned in our Crede. 
Here the Ministre with the Godfathers and Godmothers shall say.
OUR father which art in heaven, &c.
Then shal the Priest demaund the name of the chyld, which beyng by the Godfathers and Godmothers pronounced, the Ministre shall saye.
N. Doest thou in the name of this childe forsake the Devill and all hys woorks, the vayne pompe and glorye of the worlde, with all the covetous desyres of the same, the carnall desyres of the flesh, and not to folow, and be ledde by them?
Answere. I forsake them all.
Minister. Doest thou in the name of this childe professe thys fayth, to beleve in God the father almightye, maker of heaven and earth. And in Jesus Christ his onely begotten sonne our Lorde: and that he was conceived by the holy ghoste, borne of the vyrgin Marye, that he suffred under Poncius Pilate, was crucifyed, dead and buried, that he went downe into hell, and also dyd ryse agayne the thyrde day: that he ascended into heaven, and sytteth at the ryght hande of God the father almightie: and from thence he shall come agayne at the ende of the worlde to judge the quicke and the dead?
And doe you in hys name beleve in the holy gost. The holy catholique Churche. The Communion of saincts. The remission of synnes. Resurreccion, and everlasting lyfe after death?
Aunswere. All this I stedfastly believe.
Let us praye.
ALMIGHTIE and everlastyng God, heavenly father, we geve thee humble thankes, for that thou hast vouchsafed to cal us to the knowledge of thy grace, and fayth in thee: increase this knowledge and confyrme this fayth in us evermore: Geve thy holy spirit to this infante, that he beyng borne agayne, and beeyng made heyre of everlastmg salvacion, through oure Lorde Jesus Christe, maye continue thy servaunt, and attayne thy promyse, through the same oure Lord Jesus Christ thy sonne: who lyveth and reygneth with thee in unitie of the same holy spirite everlastingly. Amen.
Then shal the minister make this exhortacion to the Godfathers, and Godmothers.
FORASMUCHE as thys chylde hath promysed by you to forsake the devill and all his works, to beleve in God, and to serve him: you must remembre that it is youre parte and duetie to see that this infante be taughte so soone as he shalbe able to learne, what a solemne vowe, promyse, and profession he hath made by you: and that he maye knowe these thyngs the better, ye shall call upon hym to heare sermons: And chieflye ye shall provyde that he maye learne the Crede, the Lordes Prayer, and the ten Commaundements in the Englishe tongue, and all other thyngs whiche a Chrystian man ought to knowe, and beleve, to his soules health, and that thys childe maye be vertuously broughte up, to leade a godly and a Christen lyfe: Remembryng alwaye that Baptisme doeth represente unto us our profession, which is to folowe the example of our saviour Christe, and be made lyke unto hym: that as he dyed and rose agayne for us, so should we, which are baptized, die from synne, and ryse agayne unto righteousnesse, continually mortyfyyng al our evill and corrupte affeccions, and dayly proceding in all vertue, and godlynes of lyving.
And so forth, as in Publique Baptisme.
But yf they which bring the infantes to the Churche, doe make an uncertayn aunswere to the Priestes questions, and saye that they cannot tel what they thoughte, dyd, or sayde, in that greate feare and trouble of mynd (as oftentymes it chaunceth) : then lette the Priest baptyse him in forme above wrytten concernynge Publique Baptysme, savyng that at the dypping of the Chyld in the Fonte, he shal use this forme of wordes.
IF thou be not baptysed already, N. I baptise thee in the name of the father, and of the sonne, and of the holy goste. Amen.
CONFIRMACION
WHEREIN IS CONTEYNED A CATECHISME FOR CHILDREN.
TO the ende that Confirmacion maye be ministred to the more edifying of such as shal receyve it (according unto saincte Paules doctrine, who teaches that al thinges should be done in the Churche to the edificacion of the same) it is thought good that none hereafter shalbe confirmed, but such as can say in their mother tongue the articles of the fayth, the Lord's prayer, and the x commaundements; And can also answere to suche questions of this short Catechism, as the Bisshop (or such as he shal appointe) shal by his discrecion appose them in. And this ordre is most conveniente to be observed for dyvers consideracions.
First, because that when children come to the yeres of discrecion, and have learned what their godfathers and godmothers promised for them in baptisme, they may then themselves with their own mouth, and with their own consent, openly before the Churche, ratifie and confirme the same: and also promise that by the grace of god they wil evermore endevoure themselfes faithfully to observe and kepe suche thynges, as they by their owne mouth and confession have assented unto.
Secondly, forasmuche as Confirmacion is ministred to them that be Baptized, that by imposicion of handes and Prayer they maye receyne strength and defence againste all temptacions to sinne and the assaultes of the worlde, and the Devyll: it is most mete to be ministred when children come to that age, that partly by the frailtie of their own flesh, partly by the assaultes of the world and the Devil, they begyn to be in daunger to fall into sondry kindes of synne.
Thirdly, for that it is agreable with the usage of the Churche in times past, whereby it was ordeined that Confirmacion should be ministred to them that were of perfect age [i. e., adults], that thei being instructed in Christes religion, shoulde openly Professe their owne fayth, and promise to be obedyent unto the wyll of God.
And that noman shal think that any detriment shall come to children by deferryng of their Confirmacion; he shal knowe for truth, that it is certeyne by Goddes woord, that children beyng baptysed, have al thynges necessary for their salvacion, and be undoubtedly saved.
A CATECHISME,
THAT IS TO SAVE,
AN INSTRUCCION TO BE LEARNED OF EVERY CHYLD,
BEFORE HE BE BROUGHT TO BE CONFYRMED OF THE BISSHOPPE.
Question. What is your name?
Aunswere. N. or M.
Question. Who gave you thys name?
Aunswere. My Godfathers and Godmothers in my baptisme, wherein I was made a member of Christe, the childe of god, and an inheritour of the kingdome of heaven.
Question. What dyd your godfathers and godmothers then for you?
Aunswere. They did promise and vowe three thinges in my name. First, that I should forsake the devil and all his woorks and pompes, the vanities of the wycked woride, and all the synfull lustes of the fleshe. Secondly, that I shoulde believe al the articles of the christen fayth. And thirdly, that I shoulde kepe Goddes holy wyll and commaundements, and walke in the same all the dayes of my lyfe.
Question. Doest thou not thinke that thou art bounde to beleve and to doe as they have promised for thee?
Aunswere. Yes verely. And by Gods helpe so I wyl. And I hertely thank our heavenly father, that he hath called me to thys state of salvacion, through Jesus Christe our saviour. And I pray god to geve me his grace, that I may continue in the same unto my lyves ende.
Question. Rehearse the articles of thy beliefe.
Aunswere. I beleve in god the father almightie, maker of heaven and of earth. And in Jesus Chryst hys onely sonne our lord. Which was conceyved of the holy gost, borne of the vyrgin Mary. Suffred under Ponce Pilate, was crucyfyed, dead and buried, he descended into hel. The thirde day he rose againe from the dead. He ascended into heaven, and sitteth at the right hande of God the father almightie. From thence he shall come to judge the quicke and the dead. I beleve in the holy gost. The holy Catholyke Churche. The communion of Sainctes. The forgiveness of synnes. The resurreccion of the bodye. And the lyfe everlastyng. Amen.
Question. What doest thou chiefely learne in these articles of thy beliefe?
Aunswere. Firste I learne to beleve in God the father, who hath made me and al the worlde.
Secondly, in god the sonne who hath redemed me and all mankynde.
Thirdly, in god the holy gost, who sanctifieth me and all the electe people of God.
Question. You sayed that your godfathers and godmothers dyd promise for you that you should kepe goddes commaundementes. Tel me how many there be.
Aunswere. Tenne.
Question. Whiche be they?
Aunswere. The same whiche God spake in the xx. Chapter of Exodus, saying: I am the lord thy god which have brought thee out of the lande of Egipte, out of the house of bondage.
I. Thou shalt have none other goddes but me.
II. Thou shalt not make to thyself any graven ymage, nor the likeness of any thyng that is in heaven above, or in the earth beneath, nor in the water under the yearth: thou shalte not bowe downe to them, nor woorshippe them. For I the Lorde thy God am a gelous God, and visite the synnes of the fathers upon the children, unto the thirde and fourth generacion of them that hate me, and shew mercy unto thousandes in them that love me, and kepe my commaundementes.
III. Thou shalt not take the name of the lord thy god in vayne: for the Lard will not holde hym giltlesse that taketh hys name in vayne.
IV. Remembre thou kepe holy the Sabboth daye. Sixe dayes shalte thou laboure and doe all that thou hast to doe: but the seventh daye is the Sabbath of the lorde thy God. In it thou shalte doe no maner of worke, thou, and thy sonne and thy daughter, thy man servaunt, and thy maide servaunt, thy catell, and the straunger that is within thy gates: for in sixe dayes the Lorde made heaven and earth, the Sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh daye. Wherefore the lord blessed the seventh daye and halowed it.
V. Honour thy father and thy mother, that thy dayes may be long in the lande which the lord thy god geveth thee.
VI. Thou shalt doe no murthur.
VII. Thou shalt not commit adulterye.
VIII. Thou shalt not steale.
IX. Thou shalt not bear false witnesse agaynste thy neighbour.
X. Thou shalt not covite thy neighbour's house, thou shalt not covite thy neighbour's wife, nor his servaunt, nor his maide, nor his oxe, nor hys asse, nor any thyng that is hys.
Question. What doest thou chieflye learne by these commaundementes?
Aunswere. I learne two thinges: My duetie towardes God, and my duetie towardes my neighbour.
Question. What is thy duetie towards god?
Answer. My duetie towards god is, to beleve in hym, to feare hym, and to love hym with all my hearte, with all my mynde, with al my soule, and with all my strength. To worship him. To geve him thankes. To put my whole truste in him. To call upon him. To honoure his holy name and his word, and to serve hym truely all the daies of my lyfe.
Question. What is thy duetie towardes thy neyghbour?
Answer. My duetie towards my neighboure is, to love hym as myself. And to doe to al men as I would they should do unto me. To love, honour and succour my father and mother. To honour and obey the kyng and hys ministers. To submit my self to all my governours, teachers, spiritual Pastours, and maisters. To ordre myself lowly and reverently to al my betters. To hurte no body by worde nor dede. To be true and juste in al my dealynge. To beare no malice nor hatred in my heart. To kepe my handes from pickyng and stealing, and my tongue from evil speaking, lying, and slaunderyng. To kepe my body in temperaunce, soberness, and chastitie. Not to covet nor desyre other men's goodes. But learne and labour truly to geat myne owne living, and to do my duetie in that state of lyfe, unto which it shall please god to call me.
Question. My good chylde, knowe this, that thou art not able to doe these thyngs of thy selfe, nor to walke in the commaundementes of god, and to serve him, without hys speciall grace, which thou must learne at all tymes to cal for by diligent praier. Let me heare therefore if thou canst say the Lordes prayer.
Aunswere. Our father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kyngdome come. Thy wyll be doen in earth as it is in heaven. Geve us thys daye our dayly bread. And forgeve us oure trespasses, as we forgeve them that trespasse against us. And leade us not into temptacyon. But delyver us from evill. Amen.
Question. What desirest thou of god in thys prayer?
Aunswere. I desire my Lord God oure heavenly father, who is the gever of all goodnes, to send hys grace unto me and to al people, that we may worshyp him, serve hym, and obey hym as we ought to doe. And I praye unto God, that he wyll sende us all thynges that be nedeful both for our soules and bodyes: And that he will be mercyful unto us, and forgeve us oure synnes: and that it wyll please him to save and defende us in all daungers gostly and bodyly. And that he will kepe us from all synne and wyckednes, and from our gostly enemye, and from everlasting death. And thys I truste he wyll doe of hys mercy and goadnes, through our lord Jesus Christ. And therefore I saye, Amen. So be it.
So sone as the children can say in theyr mother tongue the artycles of the fayth, the Lordes prayer, the x Commaundementes: and also can answer to such questions of this shorte Catechisme, as the Bisshop (or such as he shal appoynt) shall by his discrecion appose them in: then shall they be broughte to the Bisshop by one that shalbe hys Godfather, or Godmother, that every childe maye have a witnes of his con firmacion.
And the Bisshop shall confyrm them on this wise.
Page from the 1552 Confirmation Service
CONFIRMACYON.
Our helpe is in the name of the Lard.
Aunswere. Which hath made both heaven and earth.
Minister. Blessed is the name of the Lard.
Aunswere. Hencefurth world without ende.
Minister. Lord heare our prayer.
Aunswere. And let out crye come to thee.
Let us praye.
ALMIGHTIE and everlivinge God, who haste vouchesafed to regenerate these thy servaunts by water and the holy gost, and hast geven unto them forgyvenes of all theyr synnes: strengthen them, we beseche thee, (O Lord,) with the holy gost the comforter, and daily encrease in them thy manifold giftes of grace, the spirite of wisdome and understanding; the spirite of counsel and gostly strength, the spirite of knowledge and true godlynes: and fulfil them, (O lord,) with the spirit of thy holy feare. Amen.
Then the Bisshoppe shal laye hys hande upon every chylde severally, saying,
DEFENDE, O lord, this child with thy heavenly grace, that he may continue thine for ever, and dayly encrease in thy holy spirite more and more, until he come unto thy everlastyng kyngdom. Amen.
First Page of the 1552 Confirmation Service
Then shall the Bisshoppe saye.
Let us pray.
ALMIGHTIE everliving God, whiche makeste us both to will and to doe those thyngs that be good and acceptable unto thy Maiestie: we make oure humble supplycacyons unto thee for these children, upon whom (after the example of thy holy Apostles) we have layed our handes, to certifie them (by thys sygne) of thy favoure and gracious goodnes towarde them: lette thy fatherly hande we beseche thee ever be over them, let thy holy spirite ever be with them, and so leade them in the know ledge and obedience of thy woord, that in the ende they may obteine the everlastyng lyfe, through our Lord Jesus Chryst, who with thee and the holy goste, lyveth and reygneth one god, world without ende. Amen.
Then the Bisshoppe shall bless the children, thus saying.
THE blessyng of god Almightie, the father, the sonne, and the holy goste, be upon you, and remayne with you for ever. Amen.
The Curate of every Parishe, or some other at his appoynctmente, shall diligently upon Sundaies, and holy doies halfe an hour before Evensong, openly in the Churche instruct and examine so many children of his parishe sente unto him, as the time wil serve, and as he shal thinke convenient, in some parte of this Catechisme
And all Fathers, Mothers, Maisters, and Dames. shall cause theyr chyldren, servaunts, and prentises (whiche hane not learned theyr Catechisme), to come to the church at the time appoynted, and obediently to heare and be ordered by the Curate, until such time as they have learned all that is here appointed for them to learne. And whensoever the Bisshop shall geve knowledge for children to be brought afore him to any convenient place, for theyr confirmacion: Then shall the Curate of every parish either bryng, or send in writing, the names of al those children of his parishe which can say the Articles of their fayth, the Lordes praier, and the x commaundementes: and also howe many of them can aunswere to thother questions conteined in this Catechisme.
And there shal none be admitted to the holy Communion, until suche tyme as he can saye the Catechisme, and bee confirmed.
THE FOURME OF
SOLEMNIZACYON OF MATRYMONYE.
First the bannes must be asked three severall Sundayes or holy daies, in the time of service, the people being present after the accustomed maner.
And if the persons that woulde be maryed dwell in divers Parishes the bannes must be asked in both Parishes, and the Curate of thone [the one] Parish shall not solemnize Matrimonie betwixt them, without a certificat of the bannes beeyng thryce asked, from the Curate of the other Parishe. At the daye appoynted for Solemnizacion of Matrimonye, the persones to be maryed shal come into the bodye of the churche, with theyr frendes and neyghbours. And there the Priest shall thus saye.
DEARELY beloved frendes, we are gathered together here in the syght of God, and in the face of. his congregacion, to joyne together thys man and this woman in holy matrimonie, which is an honorable estate, instituted of god in Paradise, in the time of man's innocency, signifying unto us the misticall union that is betwixte Chryste and hys Churche: whiche holy estate Chryst adourned and beutified with his presence, and fyrst miracle that he wrought, in Cana of Galile, and is commended of Saincte Paul to bee honourable among all men; and therefore is not to bee enterprised, nor taken in hande unadvisedly, lightely, or wantonly, to satisfie mennes carnall lustes and appetites, lyke brute beastes that have no understandynge: but reverently, discretely, advisedly, soberly, and in the feare of God: Duely consideryng the causes for whiche Matrymonye was ordayned. One was the procreacion of children, to be broughte up in the feare and nurtoure of the Lorde, and prayse of God. Secondlye it was ordeined for a remedye agaynste synne, and to avoide fornicacion, that suche persons as have not the gyfte of continencie myght marye, and kepe themselves undefiled members of Christes body. Thirdly, for the mutuall societie, helpe, and coumforte, that the one ought to have of the other, both in prosperitie and adversitie; into the whiche holy estate these two persons present come now to be joyned. Therefore if any man can shew any just cause, why they may not lawfully be joined together: let him now speake, or els hereafter for ever holde hys peace.
And also speak yng to the persones that shalbe maried, he shall saye.
I require and charge you (as you wil aunswere at the dreadful day of judgment, when the secretes of al hearts shalbe disclosed) that if either of you doe knowe any impediment, why ye may not be lawfully joyned together in Matrimonie, that ye confesse it. For be ye wel assured, that so many as be coupled together otherwyse then god's word doth allowe, are not joyned together by god, neither is there Matrimonye lawfull.
At whiche daye of mariage it any man doe allege and declare any impediment why thei may not be coupled together in Matrimony by god's law or the lawes of this Realme, and wyl be bounde, and sufficient suerties with him, to the parties, or elles put in a caucion to the full value of such charges as the persons to be maried doeth susteine to prove his allegacion: then the Solemnizacion must be deferred, unto such tyme as the trueth be tryed. If no impedimente bee alleged, then shal the Curate saye unto the man.
N. Wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after god's ordinaunce in the holy estate of matrimonie? Wilte thou love her, coumfort her, honour, and kepe her in sickenes and in health? And forsaking al other kepe thee onely to her, so long as you both shall lyve?
The man shall aunswere,
I wyll.
Then shal the Priest saye to the woman.
N. Wilte thou have this man to thy wedded housband, To lyve together after god's ordynaunce, in the holy estate of matrimony? Wylte thou obey him, and serve him, love, honor, and kepe him, in sickenes and in health? and forsakyng al other kepe thee onely unto him, so long as you both shall lyve?
The woman shall aunswere,
I wyll.
Then shall the Minister saye,
Who geveth this woman to be maryed unto thys man?
And the Ministre receiving the woman at her father or frendes handes, shal cause the man to take the woman by the ryght hande, and so either to geve their trouth to other. The man first saying,
I N. take thee N. to my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day foreward, for better, for worse, for rycher, for poorer, in sickenes, and in health, to love, and to cherish, till death us depart, according to goddes holy ordynaunce: And thereto I plight thee my troth.
Then shall they loose theyr handes, and the woman takyng again the man by the ryght hand shall saye.
I N. take thee N. to my wedded husbande, to have and to holde from this day forewarde, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickenes, and in health, to love, cherish, and to obeye, tyl death us depart, according to goddes holy ordynaunce: And thereto I geve thee my troth.
Then shall they agayne loose their handes, and the man shal geve unto the woman a ryng, laying the same upon the boke, with the accustomed duty to the priest and clerke. And the priest taking the ring shall delyver it unto the man, to put it upon the fourth finger of the woman's lejt hand. And the man taught by the priest, shal say,
With this ring I thee wedde: with my body I thee worship: and with al my worldly goodes I thee endow. In the name of the father, and of the sonne, and of the holy gost. Amen.
Then the man leaving the ryng upon the fourth finger of the woman's lefte hande, the Ministre shal say,
Let us praye.
O ETERNAL God, creatour and preserver of all mankynd, gever of al spiritual grace, the auctour of everlastyng lyfe: Sende thy blessyng upon these thy servauntes, this man and this woman, whom we blesse in thy name, that as Isaac and Rebecca lived faithfully together; so these persons maye surely perfourme and kepe the vowe and covenaunt betwixt them made, whereof this ryng geven and receyved is a token and pledge: and maye ever remayne in perfecte love and peace together; and lyve accordynge unto thy lawes; throughe Jesus Christe oure Lorde. Amen.
Then shal the Priest joyne theyr ryght handes together, and saye,
Those whom god hath ioyned together, let no man put asunder.
Then shall the Ministre speak unto the people.
FORASMUCHE as N. and N. have consented together in holy wedlocke, and have witnessed the same beefore god and thys company, and thereto have geven and pledged their troth either to other, and have declared thesame by geving and receyving of a ryng, and by joyning of hands: I pronounce that they bee man and wyfe together. In the name of the father, of the sonne, and of the holy gost. Amen.
And the ministre shal adde thys blessyng.
GOD the father, god the sonne, god the holy gost blesse, preserve, and kepe you: the lorde mercyfully with his favoure loke upon you, and so fyll you with all spirituall benediccion and grace, that you maye so lyve together in this life, that in the world to come you may have lyfe everlastynge. Amen.
Then the Ministers or Clerkes, going to the Lordes table, shall saye or syng this Psalme following.
Beati omnes. cxxviii.
BLESSED are all they that feare the Lord : and walke in hys ways.
For thou shalt eate the labour of thy handes : O well is thee, and happy shalte thou be.
Thy wife shall be as the fruitfull vyne : upon the walles of thy house.
Thy chyldren lyke the Olive braunches : round about thy table.
Lo, thus shal the man be blessed : that feareth the lord.
The lord from out of Sion shall blesse thee : that thou shalt see Hierusalem [Jerusalem] in prosperitie al thy lyfe longe.
Yea, that thou shalte see thy chyldrens chyldren : and peace upon Israel.
Glory be to the father, &c.
As it was in the, &c.
Or els thys Psalme folowinge.
Deus misereatur. Psalm lxvii,
GOD be merciful unto us, and blesse us : and shew us the light of hys countenaunce, and be mercifull unto us.
That thy waye may bee knowen upon the earth : thy saving health among al nacions.
Let the people prayse thee (O god :) yea, let al the people prayse thee.
O let the nacions reioice and be glad : for thou shalte judge the flock righteously, and govern the nacions upon the earth.
Let the people prayse thee, O God : lette al the people prayse thee.
Then shal the earth bring furth her encrease : and God, even our god, shal geve us his blessing.
God shal blesse us, and al the endes of the world shall feare hym.
Glory be to the father, &c.
As it was in thee, &c.
The Psalme ended, and the man and the woman kneling afore the lordes table: the prieste standyng at the table, and turning his face towarde them, shall saye.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Aunswere. Christ, have mercy upon us.
Ministre. Lorde, have mercye upon us.
Our father which arte in heaven, &c.
And leade us not into temptacion.
Aunswere. But delyver us from evyll. Amen.
Minister. O Lorde save thy servaunt, and thy hand-mayde.
Aunswere. Which put theyr trust in thee.
Minister. O Lorde, sende them helpe from thy holy place.
Aunswere. And evermore defende them.
Minister. Be unto them a towre of strength.
Aunswere. From the face of theyr enemye.
Minister. O Lorde, heare our prayer.
Aunswere. And let our crye come unto thee.
The Minister.
O God of Abraham, God of Isaac, God of Jacob, blesse these thy servaunts, and sowe the sede of eternal lyfe in theyr mindes, that whatsoever in thy holy worde they shall profytably learne, they may in dede fulfyl the same. Loke, O Lord, mercyfully upon them from heaven, and blesse them. And as thou diddest send thy blessing upon Abraham and Sara to theyr great comfort; so vouchsafe to send thy blessing upon these thy servaunts, that they obeying thy wyl, and alway being in safetie under thy proteccion, may abide in thy love unto theyr lives' ende, through Jesu Christ our Lorde. Amen.
This prayer next folowing shalbe omitted where the woman is past chyld-birth.
O MERCIFUL Lord and heavenly father, by whose gracious gift mankind is encreased: we beseche thee, assist with thy blessing these two persons, that they may both be fruiteful in procreacion of chyldren, and also lyve together so long in godly love and honestie, that they may see their children's children unto the third and fourth generacion, unto thy prayse and honour: through Jesus Christ our Lorde Amen.
O God, which by thy mighty power hast made all thinges of naught, which also after other thinges set in ordre didst appoynt that out of man (created after thyne owne ymage and similitude) womanne should take her beginning: and, knitting them together, didst teach that it should never be lawefull to put asunder those, whom thou by matrimonie hadst made one: O god, which hast consecrated the state of matrimonie to such an excellent misterie, that in it is signified and represented the spiritual manage and unitie betwixt Christ and his church: Loke mercyfully upon these thy servaunts, that both this man may love his wife, according to thy worde, (as Christ did love his spouse the church, who gave himself for it, loving and cherishing it even as his own flesh;) and also that this woman may be loving and amiable to her husband as Rachel, wise as Rebecca, faithful and obedient as Sara; and in all quietnes, sobriete, and peace, be a folower of holy and godly matrones: O Lorde, blesse them both, and graunt them to inheritie thy everlasting kingdome, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.
Then shal the Priest saye,
ALMIGHTIE god, which at the beginning did create our first parentes Adam and Eve, and did sanctifie and joyne them together in mariage: poure upon you the riches of his grace, sanctifie and blesse you, that ye may please him bothe in body and soule, and lyve together in holy love, unto your lyves' ende. Amen.
Then shal begin the Communion, and after the Gospel shal be sayd a sermon, wherein ordinarely (so oft as there is any mariage) the office of a man and wyfe shalbe declared according to holy scripture: or yf there be no sermon, the Minister shall reade this that foloweth.
ALL ye whiche be maried, or whiche entende to take the holy estate of matrimonie upon you: heare what holye scripture doeth saye, as touching the duetie of husbandes towards theyr wyves, and wyves towarde theyr husbandes. Sainct Paule (in his Epistle to the Ephesians the fyfth Chapter) doeth geve this commaundemente to all maried men.
Ye husbandes, love your wyves, even as Christ loved the church, and hath geven himself for it, to sanctifie it, pourging it in the fountayne of water, throughe thy worde, that he might make it unto himself a glorious congregacion, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thinge; but that it should be holy and blameles. So men are bound to love theyr owns wyves as theyr owne bodies. He that loveth his owne wife, loveth himself. For never did any man hate his owne flesh, but nourissheth and cherissheth it, even as the Lord doth the congregacion; for we are membres of his body, of his fleshe, and of his bones.
For this cause shal a man leave father and mother, and shall be joyned unto his wyfe, and they two shalbe one fleshe. This mistery is great, but I speak of Christ and of the congregacion. Neverthelesse, let every one of you so love his owne wyfe, even as himselfe.
Likewise the same Sainct Paul (writing to the Colossians) speaketh thus to al men that be maried: Ye men love your wyves and be not bitter unto them. (Coloss. iii.)
Heare also what Sainct Peter the apostle of Christe, which was himself a maried man, sayeth unto all men that are maried. Ye husbandes, dwel with your wives according to knowledge: Geving honour unto the wyfe, as unto the weaker vessel, and as heyres together of the grace of lyfe, so that your prayers be not hyndered. (1 Pet. iii.)
Hetherto ye have hearde the duetie of the husbande towarde the wyfe.
Nowe lykewyse, ye wyves, heare and learne your duetie towardes youre husbandes, even as it is playnly set forth in holy scripture.
Sainct Paul (in the forenamed Epistle to the Ephesians) teacheth you thus: Ye women submitte yourselves unto your own husbandes as unto the lord: for the husbande is the wyve's head, even as Christe is the head of the Church. And he is also the saviour of the whole body. Therefore as the church, or congregacion, is subjecte unto Christe, so lykewyse let the wyves also bee in subjeccion unto theyr owne husbandes in all thinges. (Ephes. v.) And agayne he sayth: Let the wyfe reverence her husbande. And (in his Epistle to the Collossians) Sainct Paule geveth you this shorte lesson: Ye wyves, submit your selves unto your own husbandes, as it is convenient in the Lorde. Coloss. iii.
Sainct Peter also doth instruct you very godly, thus saying:
Let wives be subject to theyr owne husbandes, so that yf any obey not the word, they may be wonne without the worde, by the conversacion of the wyves, whyle they behold your chaste conversacion, coupled with feare: whose apparel let it not be outward, with broyded heere [braided hair] and trimming about with gold, eyther in putting on of gorgeous apparel: but let the hyd [hid] man, which is in the heart, be without al corrupcion, so that the spirits be milde and quiet, which is a precious thing in the syght of God. For after this maner (in the olde tyme) dydde the holy women, whiche trusted in God apparel themselves, being subject to their owns husbandes: as Sara obeyed Abraham callinge him Lord, whose daughters ye are made, doynge well and beyng not dismayde with any feare. (1 Pet. iii.)
The newe maried persons (the same daye of their mariage) must receive the holy communion.
THE ORDRE FOR THE
VISITACION OF THE SICKE.
The Priest entering into the sicke person's house, shall saye,
Peace be in this house, and to all that dwell in it.
When he cometh into the sick man's presence, he shall saye, kneling downe.
REMEMBRE not, Lorde, oure iniquities, nor the iniquities of our forefathers. Spare us, good Lord, spare thy people, whom thou hast redemed with thy most precious bloud, and be not angry with us for ever.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Christ, have mercy upon us.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Our father, which art in heaven, &c.
And leade us not into temptacion.
Aunswere. But delyver us from evyll. Amen.
Minister. O Lord, save thy servaunt.
Aunswere. Which putteth his trust in thee.
Minister. Sende him helpe from thy holy place.
Aunswere. And evermore mightely defende him.
Minister. Let the enemie have none advauntage of him.
Aunswere. Nor the wicked approche to hurte him.
Minister. Be unto him, O Lord, a stronge towre.
Aunswere. From the face of his enemie.
Minister. Lorde, heare oure prayers.
Aunswere. And let our crye come unto thee.
Minister.
O LORD, loke downe from heaven, behold, visite, and releve this thy servaunt: Looke upon him with the eyes of thy mercy, geve him comforte, and sure confidence in thee: Defende him from the daunger of the enemye, and keepe him in perpetuall peace, and safetie: through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.
Heare us, almightie and most mercyful God and saviour. Extend thy accustomed goodnes to this thy servaunt, which is grieved with sicknes: Visite him, O Lorde, as thou diddeste visite Peter's wyve's mother and the Captayne's [centurion's] servaunt. So visite and restore unto this sycke person his former health, (yf it bee thy wyl) or els geve him grace so to take thy vysitacion, that after this paynfull lyfe ended, he maye dwell with thee in lyfe everlasting. Amen.
Then shall the Minister exhorte the sicke person after this fourme or other lyke.
DERELY beloved, know this: that almightie God is the Lord of lyfe and death, and over all thinges to them perteyning, as youth, strength, health, age, weakenes, and sickenesse. Wherfore, whatsoever your sickenesse is, know you certaynlye that it is god's visitacion. And for what cause soever this sickenesse is sente unto you: whether it be to trie youre pacience for the example of other, and that your fayth may be found in the day of the lord laudable, glorious, and honorable, to the encrease of glory, and endlesse felicitie: Or els it be sent unto you to correct and amend in you, whatsoever doeth offend the eyes of our heavenly father: know you certainly, that yf you truely repent you of your sinnes, and beare your sickenes paciently, trustinge in god's mercye, for his dere sonne Jesus Christes sake, and rendre unto him humble thankes for his fatherly visitacion, submittinge yourself wholy to his wyll; it shall turne to your profit, and helpe you forward in the right way that leadeth unto everlasting lyfe.
Yf the person vysyted be very sicke, then the curate maye ende hys exhortacion in this place.
Take therefore in good worth the chastement of the Lorde. For whom the Lorde loveth, he chastiseth. Yea, (as Sainct Paul sayth,) he skourgeth every sonne which he receyveth: yf you indure chastisement, he offreth him self unto you as unto his owne children. What sonne is he that the father chastiseth not? Yf ye be not under correccion (whereof all true children are partakers), then are ye bastardes and not children. Therfore seing that whan our carnal fathers do correcte us, we reverentlye obeye them: shall we not now much rather be obedient to our spiritual father, and so lyve? And they for a fewe dayes dooe chastise us after theyr owne pleasure: but he doeth chastise us for our profyt, to the intent he may make us partakers of his holynes. These wordes, good brother, are God's wordes, and written in holy scripture for oure comfort and instruccion, that we shoulde paciently and with thankesgeving beare our heavenly father's correccion, whansoever by anye maner of adversytie it shall please his gracious goodnes to vysit us. And there should be no greater comfort to christian persons, then to be made lyke unto Christe, by sufferinge paciently adversities, troubles, and sickenesses. For he himself went not up to joye, but fyrst he suffered payne: he entred not into his glorye before he was crucifyed. So truely oure waye to eternall joye is to suffre here with Christ, and our doore to entre into eternall lyfe is gladlye to dye with Christ, that we may ryse agayne from death, and dwel with him in everlastinge lyfe. Now therfore taking your sicknesse which is thus profytable for you, pacientely: I exhorte you in the name of God, to remembre the profession which you made unto God in your Baptisme. And forasmuch as after this lyfe there is accoumpte to be geven unto the righteous judge, of whom all muste be judged without respecte of persones: I requyre you to examine your self, and your state, both towarde God and man : so that accusing and condemning your self for your owne faultes, you may fynd mercy at our heavenly father's hande for Christ's sake, and not be accused and condemned in that feareful judgement. Therfore I shall shortely rehearse the articles of our faythe, that ye maye knowe whether you do beleve as a Christian man should, or no.
Here the Minister shal rehearse the articles a/the faith, sayinge thus.
DOEST thou beleve in God the father alinightie?
And so forth, as it is in Baptisme.
Then shall the Minister examine whether he be in charitie with al the world: Exhortinge him to forgeve from the bottome of his hearte al persons that have offended hym: and yf he have oflended other to aske them forgevenesse: And where he hath done injurie or wrong to any man, that he make amendes to the uttermost of his power. And yf he have not afore disposed hys goodes, let him then make his wyl. But men must be of be admonished that they sette an ordre for theyr temporall goodes and landes whan they be in health. And also declare his debtes, what he oweth, and what is owing unto him, for discharging of his conscience, and quietnesse of hys executours.
These words before rehearsed, may be said before the Minister beginne his prayer, as he shal see cause.
The minister may not forgeat nor omitte to move the sicke person (and that most earnestly) to lyberalitie towarde the poore.
Here shal the sicke person make a special confession, yf he feele his conscience troubled wyth any weyghtie matter. After which confession the Priest shal absolve hym after thys sorte.
OUR Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to his Church to absolve al sinners, whiche truely repent and beleve in him, of his great mercy forgeve thee thine offences: and by his aucthoritie committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy synnes, in the name of the father, and of the sonne, and of the holy gost. Amen.
And then the Priest shal saye the Collect folowinge.
Let us praye.
O MOSTE mercyfull God, whiche according to the multitude of thy mercies doest so put away the sinnes of those which truely repente, that thou remembrest them no more: open thy eye of mercy upon this thy servaunt, who most earnestly desyreth pardon and forgevenes: Renue in him, most loving father, whatsoever hath been decayed by the fraud and malice of the devyl, or by his owne carnal wyl, and fraylnesse: preserve and continue this sicke membre in the unitie of thy church, consider his contricion, accept his teares, asswage his paine, as shal be sene to thee most expedient for him. And forasmuch as he putteth his full trust onely in thy mercy; Impute not unto him his former synnes, but take him unto thy favoure: through the merites of thy most derely beloved sonne Jesus Christe. Amen.
Then the Minister shal saye thys Psalme.
In te Domine speravi. Psal. xxi.
IN thee, O lord, have I put my trust, let me never be put to confusion : but rydde me, and delyver me, into thy rightousnesse; incline thyne eare unto me, and save me.
Be thou my strong holde, (whereunto I may alway resorte) thou hast promised to helpe me, for thou art my house of defence, and my castell.
Deliver me (O my God) out of the hand of the ungodly : out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruell man.
For thou (O Lorde God) art the thinge that I long for : thou art my hope, even from my youth.
Throughe thee have I been holden up ever since I was borne; thou art he that toke me out of my mother's wombe; my prayse shall alway be of thee.
I am become as it were a monstre unto many : but my sure trust is in thee.
O lette my mouth be fylled with thy prayse (that I may sing of thy glory) and honour all the daye longe.
Caste me not away in the tyme of age, forsake me not when my strength fayleth me.
For myne enemies speake agaynste me : and they that lay waite for my soule take their counsel together, saying : God hath forsaken him; persecute him, and take him, for there is none to delyver him.
Goe not farre from me, O God : my God, haste thee to helpe me.
Let them be confounded and perishe that are against my soule : let them be covered with shame and dishonor that seke to do me evyll.
As for me, I wyll paciently abyde alwaye : and wyll prayse thee more and more.
My mouth shall daylye speake of thye righteousnesse and salvacion : for I knowe no ende thereof.
I wyl goe forth in the strength of the Lord God : and wyll make mencion of thy righteousnes onely.
Thou (O god) hast taught me from my youth up until now : therfore I wyl tel of thy wonderous workes.
Forsake me not (O God) in myne olde age, when I am graye headed, untill I have shewed thy strength unto this generacion, and thy power to all them that are yet for to come.
Thy righteousness (O God) is very hygh : and great thinges are they that thou haste doone; O God, who is lyke unto thee?
O what greate troubles and adversities haste thou shewed me! and yet diddeste thou turne and refreshe me: yea, and broughtest me from the depe of the earth agayne.
Thou hast brought me to greate honour: and comforted me on every syde.
Therfore wyl I prayse thee and thy faythfulness (O God) playing upon an instrument of musicke, unto thee wyl I sing upon the harpe, O thou holy one of Israel.
My lippes wyl be fayne when I syng unto thee : and so wyll my soule whom thou hast delivered.
My tonge also shall talke of thy righteousnesse al the daye longe, for they are confounded and broughte unto shame that seke to do me evyll.
Glory bee to the father, and to the sonne; and to the holye ghoste.
As it was in the beginninge, is nowe; and ever shall be; worlde without ende. Amen.
Addinge this.
O SAVIOURE of the worlde, save us, whiche by thy crosse and precious bloud hast redemed us, helpe us, we beseche thee, O God.
Then shal the Minister saye.
THE almightie Lorde, which is a most stronge tower to all them that put their truste in him, to whom all thinges in heaven, in earth, and under earth, doe bowe and obeye: be nowe and evermore thy defence, and make thee know and feele, that there is no other name under heaven geven to manne, in whom, and throughe whom, thou mayest receyve health and salvacion, but onely the name of oure Lorde Jesus Christe. Amen.
[actually Psalm 71]
THE
COMMUNION OF THE SICKE.
Forasmuch as all mortal men be subject to many sodayne perilles, diseases and sickenesses, and ever uncertayne what time they shal depart out of this lyfe: Therfore to thintent they may be alwayes in a readinesse to dye, whensoever it shal please almightie God to call them, the Curates shal diligentlye from tyme to tyme, but speciallye in the plague tyme, exhorte theyr parishioners to the oft receyving in the church of the holye communion of the body and bloud of our saviour Christ. Which (yf they do,) they shal have no cause, in theyr sodaine visitacion, to be unquieted for lacke of the same. But yf the sycke person be not liable to come to the church, and yet is desyrous to receyve the communion in hys house then he must geve knowledge overnyght, or els early in the morning to the Curate, signifyinge also howe manye be appoynted to communicate with hym. And havinge a convenient place in the syke man's house, where the Curate maye reverently minister, and a good nombre to receyve the communion wyth the sycke personne, with al thinges necessarye for thesame, he shall there minister the holye communion.
The Collecte.
ALMIGHTIE everlyvinge God, maker of mankinde, which doest correcte those whom thou doest love, and chastisest every one whom thou doest receyve: we beseche thee to have mercy upon this thy servaunt visited with thy hande, and to graunte that he may take his syckenesse paciently, and recover his bodelye health (yf it bee thy gracious wyll), and whensoever his soule shall departe from the bodye, it maye bee without spotte presented unto thee: through Jesus Christ our Lorde. Amen.
The Epistle. Heb. xii.
MY sonne, despyse not the correccion of the Lord, nether faynte when thou art rebuked of hym: For whom the Lord loveth, him he correcteth, yea and he scourgeth every sonne whom he receyveth.
The Gospell. John v.
VERELY, verely I saye unto you, he that heareth my worde, and beleveth on him that sente me, hath everlasting lyfe, and shall not come unto damnacion, but he passeth from death unto lyfe.
At the tyme of the distribucion of the holy Sacrament, the Priest shal fyrst receyve the Communion himself, and after minister unto them that be appointed to communicate wyth the sycke.
But yf any man either by reason of extremitie of syckenes, or for lacke of warning in due tyme to the Curate, or for lacke of company to receyve with him, or by any other just impediment, do not receyve the Sacrament of Christes body and bloud; then the Curate shal instruct him that yf he do truly repent him of his synnes, and stedfastly beleve that Jesus Christ hath suffred death upon the crosse for him, and shed his bloud for his redempcion, earnestly remembring the benefites he hath therby, and gaving him heartie thanks therfore: he doeth eate and drinke the body and bloude of our Saviour Christ, profytably to his soules health, althoughe he doe not receyve the Sacrament with hys mouth.
When the sicke person is visited and receiveth the holi communion all at one tyme: then the priest for more expedicion shal cut of the forum of the visitacion at the Psalme. In thee, O Lord, have I put my trust, and go streyght to the communion.
In the tyme of plague, Swette, or suche other lyke contagious tymes of syckenesses or dyseases, when none of the parysh or neyghbours can be gotten to communicate wyth the syck in theyr houses, for feare of the infeccion. upon special request of the diseased, the minister may alonly communicate wyth hym.
THE ORDRE FOR THE
BURIALL OF THE DEAD.
The Priest meting the corps at the Church style, shal saye. Or els the priestes and clerkes shal singe, and so go eyther unto the churche or towardes the grave.
I AM the resurreccion and the lyfe (sayeth the Lorde): he that beleveth in me, yea thoughe he were dead, yet shall he lyve. And whosoever lyveth and beleveth in me, shall not dye for ever. John xi.
I KNOWE that my redemer lyveth, and that I shall ryse out of the earth in the last day, and shalbe covered agayne with my skinn, and shall see God in my fleshe: yea, and I my selfe shall beholde hym, not with other but wyth these same eyes. Job xix.
WE brought nothing into this world, neither may we cary any thing out of this worlde. 1 Tim. vi. The Lord geveth, and the Lorde taketh awaye. Even as it hath pleased the Lord, so cometh thinges to passe: blessed be the name of the Lorde. Job i.
When they come at the grave, whiles the corps is made ready to be layde into the earth, the Priest shall saye, or the priest and clerkes shall singe.
MAN that is borne of a womanne, hath but a shorte time to lyve, and is full of misery: he cometh up and is cut downe lyke a floure; he flieth as it were a shadowe, and never continueth in one staye. Job ix.
In the mideste of lyfe we bee in death: of whom may we seke for succour, but of thee, O Lord, which for our sinnes justlye arte displeased? yet, O Lord God most holy, O Lord most mightie, O holy and moste mercyfull savioure, delyver us not into the bitter paines of eternal death. Thou knowest, Lord, the secretes of oure heartes: shutte not up thy merciful eyes to oure prayers: But spare us, lord most holi, O god most mightie, O holy and mercifull saviour, thou moste worthy judge eternall, suffre us not at oure last houre for any paynes of death to fall from thee.
Then whyle the earth shalbe cast upon the body, by some standing by, the priest shal say,
FORASMUCHE as it hathe pleased almightie God of his great mercy to take unto himselfe the soule of our dere brother here departed: we therefore commit his body to the ground, earth to earth, asshes to asshes, dust to dust, in sure and certayne hope of resurreccion to eternal lyfe, through our Lord Jesus Christ, who shal chaunge our vyle bodye, that it maye bee lyke to his glorious bodye, according to the mightie working wherby he is hable to subdue all thinges to himselfe.
Then shalbe sayd or song,
I HEARDE a voyce from heaven, sayinge unto me: Wryte from henceforth, blessed are the dead which dye in the Lorde. Even so sayth the spyrite, that they rest from theyr laboures.
Then shal folowe this lesson, taken out of the xv. Chapter to the Corinthians, the fyrst Epistle.
CHRISTE is rysen from the dead, and become the fyrst fruites of them that slepte. For by a manne came death, and by a manne came the resurreccion of the dead. For as by Adam all dye, even so by Christ shall all be made alyve, but every man in hys owne ordre. The fyrst is Christ, then they that are Christes, at his comming. Then cometh the ende, when he hath delyvered up the kyngdome to God the father, when he hath put downe all rule and all aucthoritie and power. For be must reygne tyll he have put all hys enemies under his feete. The laste enemie that shall be destroyed is death. For he hath putte all thinges under his feete. But when he sayth all thinges are put under him, it is manyfest that he is excepted, which dyd put all thinges under him. When all thinges are subdued unto him, then shal the sonne also himself be subject unto him that put al thinges under him, that God may be al in al. Els what doe they which are Baptised over the dead, yf the dead ryse not at all? Why are they then Baptysed over them? yea and why stande we alwaye then in jeopardie? By our rejoysing, whiche I have in Christ Jesu oure Lorde, I dye daylye. That I have foughte with beastes at Ephesus after the maner of men, what avantageth it me, if the dead ryse not agayne? Lette us eate, and drinke, for to-morowe we shall dye. Be not ye deceyved: evil wordes corrupt good maners. Awake truely oute of slepe, and synne not. For some have not the knowledge of God. I speake this to youre shame. But some man wyl saye: How aryse the dead? with what body shal they come? Thou foole, that whiche thou soweste is not quickened, excepte it dye. And what sowest thou? Thou sowest not that body that shalbe; but bare corne as of wheat, or of some other: but God geveth it a bodye at his pleasure, to every sede his owne bodi. Al fleshe is not one maner of fleshe: but there is one maner of fleshe of men, and other maner of fleshe of beastes, and other of fisshes, another of birdes. There are also celestial bodies, and there are bodies terrestriall. But the glorye of the celestiall is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another. There is one maner glory of the sunne, and another glory of the mone, and another glory of the starres. For one starre differeth from another in glory. So is the resurreccion of the dead. It is sowen in corrupcion, it ryseth agayne in incorrupcion. It is sowen in dishonoure, it ryseth agayne in honour. It is sowen in weaknesse, it ryseth agayne in power. It is sowen a naturall bodye, it ryseth agayne a spyrituall bodye. There is a naturall bodye, and there is a spirituall bodye: as it is also written: the fyrst man Adam was made a lyving soule, and the laste Adam was made a quickening spyryte. Howbeit, that is not fyrst which is spyrytuall: but that whiche is naturall, and then that whiche is spyrytuall. The fyrst man is of the earth, earthy: the second man is the Lord from heaven, heavenly. As is the earthy, suche are they that are earthy. And as is the heavenly, such are they that are heavenly. And as we have borne the Image of the earthy, so shall we beare the Image of the heavenly. Thys say I, brethren, that fleshe and bloud cannot inherite the kyngdome of God: neyther doeth corrupcion inherite uncorrupcion. Beholde, I shewe you a mistery. We shall not all slepe: but we shall all be chaunged and that in a momente, in the twinkeling of an eie by the last trumpe. For the trumpe shall blowe, and the dead shall ryse incorruptible, and we shall be chaunged. For thys corruptyble must put on incorrupcion: and this mortall must put on immortalitie. When this corruptible hath put on in corrupcion, and this mortal hath put on immortalitie: then shalbe brought to passe the saying that is written: Death is swallowed up in victory: Death, where is thy styng? Hell, where is thy victorye? The styng of death is sinne: and the strength of sinne is the law. But thanks be unto God whiche hath geven us victory, through oure Lorde, Jesus Chryst. Therefore, my deare brethren, be ye stedfaste and unmovable, alwayes riche in the worke of the Lorde, forasmuche as ye knowe that your labour is not in vayne in the Lorde.
The lesson ended, the priest shall saye.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Christe, have mercy upon us.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Our father which art in heaven, &c.
And leade us not into temptacion.
Aunswere. But delyver us from evill. Amen.
The Priest.
ALMIGHTIE God, with whom doe lyve the spirites of them that departe hence in the lord, and in whom the soules of them that be elected, after they be delivered from the burden of the fleshe, be in joye and felicitie: We geve thee hearty thankes, for that it hath pleased thee to deliver thys N. our brother out of the myseryes of this sinneful world: beseching thee, that it maye please thee of thy gracious goodnesse, shortely to accomplyssh the noumbre of thyne electe, and to haste thy kingdome, that we with this our brother, and al other departed in the true faith of thy holy name, maye have our perfect consummacion and blisse, both in body and soule, in thy eternal and everlastyng glory. Amen.
The Collect.
O MERCIFUL God, the father of our Lorde Jesus Christe, who is the resurreccion and the lyfe, in whom whosoever beleveth, shall lyve though he dye; and whosoever liveth and beleveth in hym, shall not dye eternally: who also taught us (by his holy Apostle Paule) not to be sorye, as men without hope, for them that slepe in hym: We mekely beseche thee (O father) to raise us from the death of sinne unto the life of righteousnes, that when we shal depart thys lyfe, we may reste in him, as our hope is thys our brother doeth; and that at the general resurreccion in the laste daye, we may be founde acceptable in thy syghte, and receive that blessing which thy welbeloved sonne shall then pronounce to al that love and feare thee, saying: Come, ye blessed children of my father, receive the kyngdome prepared for you from the beginning of the world. Graunt this we beseche thee, O merciful father, through Jesus Christ our mediatour and redeyemer. Amen.
THE THANKES GEVING OF WOMEN AFTER
CHILDE BIRTH,
COMMONLY CALLED
THE CHURCHYNG OF WOMEN.
The woman shall come into the churche, and there shall knele downe in some conveniente place, nighe unto the place where the table standeth: and the prieste standyng by her, shall say these wordes, or suche like, as the case shal require.
FORASMUCH as it hath pleased airnightie God of his goodnes to geve you safe deliveraunce, and hath preserved you in the great daunger of Childe birth: ye shall therefore geve harty thankes unto god, and praye.
Then shall the priest say thys Psalme.
I HAVE lyfted up myne eyes unto the hilles from whence cometh my helpe.
My helpe cometh even from the lord : which hath made heaven and earth.
He wil not suffre thy fote to be moved : and he that kepeth thee wil not slepe.
Beholde, he that kepeth Israel : shall neither slumber nor slepe.
The lorde hymselfe is thy keper : the lorde is thy defence upon thy right hande.
So that the Sunne shal not burne thee by daye : neyther the Moone by nyghte.
The Lorde shall preserve thee from al evil : yea, it is even he that shal kepe thy soule.
The Lord shall preserve thy going out, and thy coming in from this time furth for evermore.
Glory be to the father, and to the sonne, and to, &c.
As it was in the begynnyng, is nowe, and ever, &c.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Christe, have mercy upon us.
Lorde, have mercy upon us.
Our Father, which, &c.
And leade us not into temptacion.
Aunswere. But delyver us from evill. Amen.
Priest. O Lorde, save this woman thy servaunt.
Aunswere. Which putteth her trust in thee.
Priest. Be thou to her a strong tower.
Aunswere. From the face of her enemye.
Priest. Lorde, heare our prayer.
Aunswere. And let our crie come unto thee.
Priest. Let us praye.
O ALMIGHTIE god, whiche hast delyvered this woman thy servant from the great paine and peryl of childe birth: Graunte, we beseche thee, (most mercifull father,) that she through thy helpe, maye both faythfully lyve, and walke in her vocacion, accordyng to thy wyl in thys lyfe present; and also maye bee partaker of everlastinge glorye in the life to come: through Jesus Christe our Lorde. Amen.
The woman that cometh to geve her thankes, muste offre accustomed offerynges: and if there be a Communion, it is conveniente that she receyve the holy Communyon.
A COMMINACION AGAYNSTE SYNNERS,
WITH CERTAYNE PRAYERS TO BE USED DYVERS
TYMES IN THE YERE.
After Mornyng praier, the people being called together by the ringing of a bell, and assembled in the Churche, the English Letany shalbe sayd after the accustomed maner: whiche ended, the Priest shall goe into the pulpite and saye thus
BRETHREN, in the primative church there was a Godly discyplyne, that at the begynnyng of Lent suche persons as were notorious synners, wer put to open penaunce and punished in thys world, that their soules might be saved in the day of the lorde, and that others admonished by theyr example, myght be more afrayed to offende. In the stede [stead] wherof, untyl the sayd discipline may be restored againe, (which thing is much to be wyshed,) it is thought good, that at thys tyme (in your presence) should be read the general sentences of God's curssyng against impenitent sinners, gathered out of the xxvii. Chapiter of Deuteronomye, and other places of scripture: and that ye shoulde aunswere to every sentence, Amen. To thintent that you, beyng admonished of the great indignacion of God agaynst synners, may the rather be called to earneste and true repentaunce, and may walke more warely in these daungerous daies, fleeing from such vices, for the which ye affirme with your owne mouthes the curse of God to be due.
CURSED is the man that maketh any carved or molten Image, an abhominacion to the Lorde, the worke of the handes of the craftes manne, and putteth it in a secrete place to worshyp it.
And the people shall aunswere and saye,
Amen.
Minister. Cursed is he that curseth his father, and mother.
Aunswere. Amen.
Minister. Cursed is he that removeth awaye the marke of hys neighbour's lande.
Aunswere. Amen.
Minister. Cursed is he that maketh the blynd to goe out of his waye.
Aunswere. Amcn.
Minister. Cursed is he that letteth in Judgemente the ryght of the straunger, of them that be fatherles, and of wydowes.
Aunswere. Amen.
Minister. Cursed is he that smiteth his neighboure secretly.
Aunswere. Amen.
Minister. Cursed is he that lyeth with his neighbour's wife.
Aunswere. Amen.
Minister. Cursed is he that taketh reward to slea the soule of innocent bloud.
Aunswere. Amen.
Minister. Cursed is he that putteth his trust in man, and taketh man for hys defence, and in hys hearte goeth from the Lorde.
Aunswere. Amen.
Minister. Cursed are the unmercifull, the fornicatours and adulterers, & the covetous persons, the worshyppers of ymages, slaunderers, drunkards, and extorcioners.
Aunswere. Amen.
The Minister. Nowe seeing that all they be accursed (as the Prophet David beareth witnes) which dooe erre and goe astraye from the commaundementes of God: lette us (remembryng the dreadfull judgement hangynge over our heades, and beeyng always at hande) returne unto our Lorde God, with all contricion and mekenesse of hearte bewaylynge and lamentynge our synfule lyfe, knowledgyng and confessyng our offences, and seekyng to bring furth worthy fruites of penaunce (Psa. cxviii.). For nowe is the Axe put unto the roote of the trees, so that every tree whiche bringeth not furth good fruite is hewen downe, and caste into the fyre (Mat. iii.). It is a fearfull thyng to fall into the handes of the lyving God (Heb. x.): he shall poure down rain upon the synners, snares, fyre and brimstone, storme and tempest: this shalbe their porcion to drynke (Ps. x.). For he, the Lord is comen out of his place, to visite the wickednes of suche as dwell upon the earth (Es. xxvi.). But who maye abide the daye of hys comyng? Who shalbe able to endure when he appereth? His fanne is in his hand, and he wil pourge hys floore and gather hys wheate into the Barne (Mala. iii.): but he wylle burn the chaffe with unquencheable fyre (Mal. iii.). The daye of the Lord cometh as a thefe upon the night; and when men shal say peace, and al thinges are safe, then shall sodenly destruccion come upon them, as sorowe cometh upon a woman travailing with childe, and they shall not escape (1 Thes. v.): then shall appeare the wrath of God in the daye of vengeance, which obstinate sinners, throughe the stubbernes of theyr hearte, have heaped unto themselfe, whiche despysed the goodnes, pacience, and long-sufferaunce of God, when he called them continuallye to repentaunce (Rom. ii.). Then shal they cal upon me, sayeth the lord, but I wyll not heare: they shal seke me earlye, but they shall not fynd me, and that because they hated knowledge, and received not the feare of the Lorde, but abhorred my counsayle, and despysed my correccion: then shall it be to late to knock, when the dore shall be shutte, and to late to crye for mercy, when it is the time of Justice (Prove i.). O terrible voyce of moste juste judgemente, whiche shall be pronounced upon them, when it shalbe sayd unto them: Goe ye cursed into the fyre everlasting, which is prepared for the devill and hys Aungels (Matt. xxv.). Therefore, brethren, take we hede betime, whyle the day of salvacion lasteth, for the nyght cometh when none can worke (2 Cor. vi.): but lette us, whyle we have the lyght, beleve in the lyght, and walke as the children of the lyght, that we be not cast into the uttre darkenesse, where is wepyng and gnashyng of teeth (John ix.). Let us not abuse the goodnes of God, which calleth us mercifully to amendement, and of hys endlesse pitie promyseth us forgeveness of that whiche is paste, if (with a whole mynd and true heart) we returne unto hym (Matt. xxv.): for though our sins be red as scarlet, they shall be as white as Snowe; and thoughe they bee lyke purple, yet shall they be as white as wolle (Esai. [Isaiah] i.). Turne you clene (sayth the Lord) from all youre wyckednesse, and youre synne shall not be youre destruccion. Caste awaye from you all your ungodlynes that ye have done, make you new heartes, and a newe spirite: wherfore wil ye die, O ye house of Israel? Seeyng that I have no pleasure in the death of hym that dyeth? (sayeth the Lorde God.) (Ezech. xxviii.). Turne you then, and you shall lyve. Althoughe we have synned, yet have we an advocate with the father, Jesus Chryste the ryghteous: and he it is that obteyneth grace for our sinnes (1 John ii.); for he was wounded for our offences, and smitten for our wickednes (Esai. liii.). Let us therefore returne unto hym, who is the merciful receyver of all true penytent synners, assuring our self, that he is ready to receive us, and most wyllyng to pardon us, if we come to hym with faythfull repentaunce: if we wil submit ourselves unto hym, and from hencefurth walke in hys wayes: if we wil take his easye yoke and light burden upon us, to folowe him in lowlinesse, pacience, and charitie, and be ordered by the governaunce of his holy spirite, seking alwayes his glory, and serving him duely in our vocacion, with thankesgeving (Mat. xi.). This if we doe, Christ wil deliver us from the curse of the law, and from the extreme malediccion, whiche shal light upon them that shal be set on the left hand: and he wil set us on his ryght hand, and geve us the blessed benediccion of his father, commaundyng us to take possession of his glorious kyngdome; unto the which he vouchesafe to bryng us all, for hys infinite mercy (Matt. xxv.). Amen.
The scriptur references are given in the margin in several printings.
Then shall they all knele upon their knees: and the Priestes and Clerks kneling (where thei are accustomed to saye the Letany) shal saye this Psalme.
Miserere mei Deus. Ps. li.
HAVE mercy upon me, (O God,) alter thy great goodness : accordyng to the multitude of thy mercies, do awaye myne offences.
Wash me throughly from my wickednes, and dense me from my sinne.
For I knowledge my faultes, and my synne is ever before me.
Againste thee onely have I synned, and done this evil in thy syght : that thou mightest be justified in thy saying, and cleare when thou art judged.
Beholde I was shapen in wickednesse, and in synne hath my mother conceived me.
But lo, thou requirest trueth in the inwarde parties, and shalt make me to understande wisdome secretly.
Thou shalt purge me with Isope [hyssop], and I shalbe cleane : thou shalte washe me, and I shalbe whiter then Snowe.
Thou shalt make me heare of joye and gladnesse, that the bones which thou hast broken may rejoyce.
Turne thy face from my synnes, and put out all my misdedes. Make me a cleane heart, (O God) and renewe a right spirite within me.
Cast me not away from thy presence, and take not thy holy spirite from me.
O geve me the comforte of thy helpe agayne, and stablishe me with thy free spirite.
Then shal I teache thy wayes unto the wycked, and synners shalbe converted unto thee.
Deliver me from bloud-guyltinesse, (O god,) thou that art the god of my health : and my tongue shal sing of thy ryghteousnes.
Thou shalt open my lippes, (O lord) and my mouth shall shewe thy prayse.
For thou desyrest no sacrifice, els would I geve it thee : but thou delyghtest not in burnt-offeryng.
The sacrifice of god is a troubled spirite, a broken and a contrite heart, (O god,) shalt thou not despyse.
O be favourable and gracious unto Syon, buyld thou the walles of Hierusalem .
Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifice of righteousnesse, with the burnte-offeryngs and oblacions : then shall they offer young bullocks upon thyne altare.
Glory be to the father, and to the sonne, &c.
As it was in the beginning, and is now, &c.
Lord, have mercy upon us.
Chryst, have mercy upon us.
Lord, have mercy upon us.
Our father, which art in heaven, &c.
And lead us not into temptacion.
Aunswere. But deliver us from evil. Amen.
Minister. O Lorde, save thy servaunts.
Aunswere. Which put their trust in thee.
Minister. Sende unto them helpe from above.
Aunswere. And evermore mightely defende them.
Minister. Helpe us, O god our savioure.
Aunswere. And for the glory of thy names sake deliver us, bee mercifull unto us synners for thy names sake.
Minister. O Lorde, heare our prayers.
Aunswere. And let our crye come to thee.
Let us praye.
O LORD, we beseche thee mercifully heare our prayers, and spare all those whiche confess their sinnes to thee, that they (whose conscyences by synne are accused,) by thy mercyfull pardon maye be absolved : Through Chryste our Lorde. Amen.
O MOST mightie god and mercyfull father, which hast compassion of al men, and hatest nothing that thou hast made: which wouldest not the death of a synner, but that he shoulde rather turne from synne and be saved: mercifully forgeve us our trespasses, receyve and comfort us, which be greved and weried with the burthen of our synnes. Thy property is to have mercy; to thee only it apperteineth to forgeve sinnes: spare us therfore, good Lord, spare thy people whom thou hast redemed. Entre not into Judgemente with thy servaunts, which be vile yearth, and miserable synners: but so turne thy yre from us, which mekely knowledge our vilenesse, and truely repente us of our faultes: so make haste to helpe us in thys worlde, that we maye ever lyve with thee, in the worlde to come: through Jesus Christe our Lord. Amen.
Then shal the people say this that foloweth. after the Minister.
TURNE thou us, O good lorde, and so shall we bee turned: bee favourable (O Lord) bee fauourable to thy people, whiche turne to thee in wepyng, fastyng and praying: for thou art a merciful god, ful of compassion, long suffering, and of a great pitie: Thou sparest when we deserve punishmente, and in thy wrath thinkest upon mercy. Spare thy people, good Lorde, spare them, and lette not thy heritage be broughte to confusion: Hear us (O Lord) for thy mercy is great, and after the multytude of thy mercyes looke upon us.
THE FOURME OF CONSECRATING
OF AN
ARCHEBISSHOPPE OR BISSHOPPE.
1550:
The Psalme for the Introyte at the Communion, as at the orderyng of Priestes.
The Epistle. 1 Tim. iii.
1552, 59:
At the Communion
The Epistle.
THIS is a true saying, if a man desire the office of a Bisshoppe, he desireth an honest woorke. A Bishoppe therefore muste bee blamelesse, the husbande of one wyfe, dilygent, sober, discrete, a keper of hospitalitie, apte to teache, not geven to overmuche wyne, no fyghter, not gredy of filthy lucre, but gentle, abhorring fightynge, abhorrynge covetousnesse, one that ruleth wel his own house, one that hath children in subjeccion with al reverence. For if a man cannot rule his own house, howe shal he care for the congregacion of God? He may not be a yong scholer, lest he swel and fal into the judgemente of the evil speaker. He must also have a good report of them whiche are without, leste he fall into rebuke and snare of the evil speaker.
1 Timothy 3:1-7
The Gospell. John xxi.
JESUS saied to Symon Peter, Symon Johanna , loveste thou me more than these? He said unto him, yea, lorde, thou knowest that I love thee: he said unto him, fede my lambes. He said to him againe the seconde time: Simon Johanna, lovest thou me? He saied unto him, yea lorde, thou knowest that I love thee: he saied unto him, feede my shepe. He said unto him the thirde time; Simon Johanna, lovest thou me? Peter was sory, because he said unto hym the third time, lovest thou me, and he said unto him: lord thou knowest al thinges, thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus said unto hym, fede my shepe.
Or els out of the tenth Chapiter of John, as before in thorder of Priestes.
After the gospel and Credo ended, firste the elected Bisshoppe [havyng upon hym a Surples and Cope]* shall bee presented by two Bisshoppes [(beeyng also in surplesses and copes, and having theyr pastorall staves in their handes)]* unto the Archebisshoppe of that Province, or to some other Bysshoppe appoynted by his commission: The Bisshoppes that present hym saying.
These two rubrics combined into one in 1559.
* 1550 only.
MOST reverend father in god, we presente unto you this godly and wel learned man to be consecrated Bisshoppe.
1550: 	1552:, 59 	
And then the Kynges mandate to the Archebisshoppe for the consecracion shalbe read. And the othe touching the knowledging of the kinges supremacie, shalbe ministred to the person elected, as it is set oute in the Order of Deacons. And then shalbe ministred also, the othe of due obedience unto the Archebisshoppe, as foloweth.
THE OTHE OF DUE OBE-
dience to the Archebisshoppe.
IN the name of GOD, Amen. I, N. chosen Bisshoppe of the Churche and sie of N. doe professe and promesse, al due reverence and obedience to the Archebisshoppe, and to the Metropoliticall churche of N. and to their successours: so helpe me God, and his holy gospell.
Then shal the Archebisshoppe demand the Kynges mandate [Quenes Mandate] for the consecracion and cause it to be read. And the othe touching the knowledge of the kinges supremacie, [knowedging of the Quenes Souveraintie] shalbe ministred to the person elected, as it is set oute in the Order of Deacons. And then shalbe ministred also the othe of due obedience unto the Archebishoppe, as foloweth.
THE OTHE OF DUE OBEDIENCE
to the Archebisshoppe.
IN the name of GOD, Amen. I, N. chosen Bisshoppe of the Churche and sie of N. doe professe and promesse, al due reverence and obedience to the Archebisshoppe, and to the Metropoliticall churche of N. and to their successours: so helpe me God throughe Jesus Chryste.
This othe shal not be made at the consecracion of an Archebishoppe.
Then the Archebisshoppe shal move the congregacion present to praye; saying thus to them.
BRETHREN, it is written in the gospel of saincte Luke, that our savioure Christe continued the whole night in praier, or ever that he did chose and sende furth his xii. Apostles. It is written also in the Actes of the Apostles, that the disciples whiche were at Antioche did fast and pray, or ever they layed handes upon, or sent furth Paul and Barnabas. Let us therefore. folowyng the example of oure savioure Christ and his Apostles, first fal to prayer, or that we admit and send furth thys person presented unto us, to the worke wherunto we truste the holy goste hath called hym.
And then shalbe saied the Letany, as afore in the order of Deacons, And after this place: That it may please the to illuminate at Bisshoppes. &c. he shal saye.
THAT it maye please thee to blesse this our brother elected, and to sende thy grace upon him, they he may duely execute the office wherunto he is called, to the edifying of thy Churche, and to the honour, prayse and glory of thy name.
Aunswere. We beseche thee to heare us good Lorde.
Concluding the Letanye in thende, with this prayer.
ALMIGHTIE God, gever of all good thynges, which by thy holy spirite hast appointed diverse orders of ministers in thy Church: mercifully beholde this thy servaunt, now called to the worke and ministerie of a Bisshoppe, and replenishe him so with the trueth of thy doctryne, and innocencie of life, that both by worde and dede, he may faithfully serve thee in this office, to the glorye of thy name, and profite of thy congregacyon: Through the merites of our savioure Jesu Christe, who lyveth and reigneth with thee and the holy gost, worlde without ende. Amen.
Then the Archebisshoppe sittyng in a chaire, shall saye this to hym that is to be consecrated.
BROTHER, forasmuche as holy scripture and the olde Canons commaundeth, that we should not be hastie in laying on handes and admyttynge of any person to the governement of the congregacion of Christe, whiche he hath purchased with no lesse price than the effusion of hys owne bloud; afore that I admit you to this administracion wherunto ye are called, I wil examyne you in certaine articles, to thende the congregacion present, may have a trial and beare witnes how ye be minded to behave your self in the churche of god.
Are you perswaded that you be truely called to thys ministracion according to the will of oure Lorde Jesus Christ, and the order of this realme?
Aunswere. I am so perswaded.
The Archebisshoppe. Are you perswaded that the holy Scriptures conteine sufficiently all doctryne, requyred of necessitie for eternall salvacyon, through the faith in Jesu Christe? And are you determyned with the same holy scriptures, to enstruct the people committed to your charge, and to teache or maintein nothyng, as required of necessitie to eternall salvacion, but that you shall bee perswaded may be concluded, and proved by the same?
Aunswere. I am so perswaded and determined by gods grace.
The Archebisshoppe. Wil you then faithfully exercise your selfe in the said holy scriptures, and call upon god by prayer for the true understanding of the same, so as ye may be able by them to teache and exhorte with wholesome doctrine, and to withstande and convince the gainsaiers?
Aunswere. I wyll so doe, by the helpe of God.
The Archebisshoppe. Be you ready with al faithful diligence, to banishe and drive away al erronious and straunge doctryne, contrary to god's worde, and both privately and openly to call upon, and encourage other to the same?
Aunswere. I am ready, the lord beyng my helper.
The Archebisshoppe. Wil you deny al ungodlinesse and worldly lustes, and live soberly, ryghteouslye, and godly in thys world, that you may shewe yourself in all thinges an example of good workes unto other, that the adversary maye be ashamed, havynge nothing to laye agaynst you?
Aunswere. I wyll so doe, the horde beyng my helper.
The Archebisshoppe. Wil you maintain and set forward (as muche as shal lie in you) quietnesse, peace, and love, emonge al men? And suche as be unquiete, disobedyente, and criminous within your Diocesse, correcte and punishe, accordyng to suche aucthoritie, as ye have by gods worde, and as to you shalbe committed, by the ordinaunce of thys realme?
Aunswere. I wyll so doe by the helpe of god.
The Archebisshoppe. Wil you shewe yourself gentle, and be mercifull for Christes sake to poore and nedy people, and to all straungers destitute of helpe?
Aunswere. I wyll so shewe myselfe by gods grace*.
* "helpe" from 1552.
The Archebisshoppe. Almightie God oure heavenly father, who hath geven you a good wil to doe all these thinges, graunt also unto you, strengthe and power to performe the same, that he accomplishing in you, the good worke which he hath begon, ye may be found perfecte, and irreprehensible at the latter day, through Jesu Chryst our Lord. Amen.
Then shal be song or sayd, Cum holy gost, &c. as it is set out in the Order of Priestes.
That ended, the Archebisshoppe shall saye.
1550:
THE Lord be with you.
Aunswere. And with thy spirite. 	1552, 59:
Lorde, heare our prayer.
Aunswer. And let our crie come unto thee. 	
Let us praye.
ALMIGHTIE God and moste mercyfull father, which of thy infinite goodnesse haste geven to us thy only and most dere beloved sonne Jesus Chryst, to be our redemer and aucthour of everlasting life; who after that he had made perfecte our redempcion by his deathe, and was ascended into heaven, powred downe his gyftes aboundauntly upon men, making some Apostles, some Prophetes, some Evangelistes, some Pastours and doctours, to the edifying and makyng perfecte of his congregacion: graunt we beseche the, to this thy servaunt suche grace, that he may be evermore ready to spreade abrode thy gospell, and glad tidinges of reconcilement to God, and to use the aucthoritie geven unto him, not to destroie, but to save, not to hurt, but to helpe: so that he as a wise and a faithful servaunt, geving to thy family meate in due season, may at the last daye* be received into joye, through Jesu Christ our horde, who with thee, and the holy goste liveth and reigneth one God, world without ende. Amen.
* "daye" dropped, early 1600's
Then the Archebisshoppe and Bisshoppes present, shal lay their handes upon the head of the elect Bisshop, the Arohebisshoppe saying.
TAKE the holy gost, and remember that thou stirre up the grace of god, whiche is in thee, by imposicion of handes: for god hath not geven us the spirite of feare, but of power, and love, and of sobernesse.
1550:
Then the Archebisshoppe shal lay the Bible upon hys necke, saying.
GEVE hede unto reading, exhortacion and doctrine. Thinke upon these thinges conteined in this boke, be diligent in them, that the encrease comyng therby, may be manyfest unto all men. Take hede unto thyselfe, and unto teaching, and be diligent in doing them, for by doing this thou shalt save thyselfe, and them that heare thee: through Jesus Christe our Lorde.
Then shal the Archebisshoppe putte into his hande the pastorall staffe, saying.
BE to the flocke of Christ a shepeheard, not a wolfe: feede them, devoure them not; holde up the weake, heale the sicke, binde together the broken, bryng againe the outcastes, seke the lost. Be so mercifull, that you be not to remisse, so minister discipline, that ye forgeat not mercy; that when the chief shepheard shal come, ye may receyve the immarcessible croune of glory, through Jesus Christ our lord. Amen.
1552, 59:
Then the Archebisshoppe shal deliver him the Bible, saying.
GEVE hede unto reading, exhortacion and doctrine. Thinke upon these thinges conteined in this boke, be diligent in them, that the encrease comyng therby, may be manyfest unto all men. Take hede unto thyselfe, and unto teaching, and be diligent in doing them, for by doing this thou shalt save thyselfe, and them that heare thee; bee to the flocke of Christ a shepeheard, not a wolfe: feede them, devoure them not; holde up the weake, heale the sicke, binde together the broken, bryng againe the outcastes, seke the lost. Be so mercifull, that you be not to remisse, so minister discipline, that ye forgeat not mercy; that when the chief shepheard shal come, ye may receyve the immarcessible croune of glory, through Jesus Christ our lord. Amen.
Page from the Consecration of Bishops, 1550 Ordinal
Page from the Consecration of Bishops, 1552 Ordinal
Corresponding pages from this section of the the 1550 and 1552 Ordinals are shown at left. Click on the images to see larger (110K) readable versions of these images.
Then the Archebisehoppe shal procede to the Communion, with whom the newe consecrated Bysshopp [with other,]* shal also communicate. And after the laste Cottecte, immediatlye afore the benediccyon, shall bee sayed thys prayer:
MOST merciful father, we beseche thee to send down upon this thy servaunt, thy heavenly blessynge, and so endue hym with thy holy spirite, that he preaching thy worde, may not only be earneste to reprove, beseche, and rebuke with al pacience and doctryne, but also may be to such as beleve, an wholesome example in worde, in conversacion , in love, in faith, in chastitie, and puritie, that faythfully fulfilling his course, at the latter day he may receive the croune of righteousnesse, laied up by the Lord, the righteous judge, who liveth and reigneth, one god with the father and holy gost, worlde withoute ende. Amen. 
