




	


51


	




69
can be either of the two:

1. a rational-thinking woman who just wants women to be treated equally among men; you will not see many on CNN or MSNBC

2. A sexist hag who wants men castrated and made untouchables, the kind who wants women to rule the world. Also see lesbian although lesbians don't necessarily have to be feminists.



70
feminists
People who believe in the idea of social and economic equality between the sexes, i.e. feminism. However, a large majority of feminists who are of the female gender, will still rip your head off if you leave the seat up. Therefore rendering themselves hypocrites.
"Bill, you left the seat up!"...
"I know honey, I put it up, you put it down, it's fair, in fact, it's even easier to put it down"...
"That's not the point!"...
"Remember all that equality stuff you were reading about in 'feminists weekly'?"
*she storms off*


	


71
Feminists
Stupid females who can't get any dick and can't take a joke. Will call rape on anyone even if it's not rape.
Feminists are angry at dicks because they can't get any.


	


72
A person, normally a woman, who believes in the supremacy of women over men. They often make themselves victims of everything wrong in the world, and tend to blame it all on men, or as they like to call it, the Patriarchy. Also known as feminazi
Man 1: Just Ran into a lady at McDonalds. Asked the cashier lady for ketchup, and the lady waiting in line yelled at me because she said that the cashier is not my personal slave and that I promote rape culture.

Man 2: Dang. Just another batshit crazy Feminist.


	


73
Someone who believes in equal rights for men as well as those for women. Often associated with feminism and feminist ideology.
Jerry is a feminist. He is also tall, handsome, and muscular, and possibly a little flamboyant.


	


74
That 45-year-old female at the singles party saying, "Me? No, I never believed in any of that shit."
"I used to be a feminist until the GLC grants ran out."


	


75
A person that believes and, or supports the equality of men and women. That's it. Thats just fucking it. It's not a woman that hates men, and thinks that women are superior to men. However, there are people that carry those hateful beliefs and will call themselves a feminist. If you are a person that strives to grasp concepts, and wants to learn in life, I'm sure that you do your research before deciding on your opinion. In doing that research I'm sure you'll come across different types of "feminists". I hope the wise individuals out there can discern who the radicals are, from the movement. Feminist does not only apply to only women, in fact to overcome the patriarchy most countries are run by, the feminist movement needs that support of men as well as women. Of corse, I'm not surprised that a movement working to bring gender equality to a for front has been wrongfully labeled. Just as many other movements such as BLM, has been labeled as something that is quite opposite of the true message of the movement. Anyway, the point is, if you really believe men and women are equal and should be treated as such... you..are..a..f-e-m-i-n-i-s-t. Merci de votre attention!
Brad: Hey, Chad!
Chad: Hey, Brad.

Brad: You know I was just watching this crazy video of a woman screaming in the middle of the street, about how much she hates men. Haha, those stupid crazy feminists
Chad: Whoa Brad, wtf
Brad: What?
Chad: I didn't know you were this type of person. You realize your just perpetuating an ignorant generalization, that consequently counteracts a movement that strives for gender equality. Right?
Brad: What no! How can I be a sexist, I get pussy all the time. I do think men and women are equal.

Chad: ....uhhuuuu...Okay Brad. Look if you do believe that men and woman are equal, then I'm sorry to break it to you..but your a feminist.
Brad: WWWWHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTT?!?!?!?!
Chad: Byyye, have a nice day Brad!


	


76
â€“noun 1. the doctrine advocating social, political, and all other rights of women equal to those of men.
2. (sometimes initial capital letter) an organized movement for the attainment of such rights for women.

Feminists will not mind when you do not wish to open doors and pay the check WHEN:
They are no longer paid 75 cents for every dollar a man makes even when they have the same education level, experience, and work just as hard.
Cleaning products are no longer marketed to women on TV.
Men start worrying about trying to "balance raising children and a career."
Viagra is no longer covered on insurance, and birth control is.
We don't constantly see ugly fat men paired with attractive thin women in sitcoms (Drew Carey Show, Family Guy, Simpsons, ect ect.)
Women are EITHER expected to be less attractive and spend less time trying to be beautiful OR men are expected to be more attractive and spend more time trying to be beautiful.
Women are no longer called bitches when they sound too intelligent or when they refuse to put out.
When women are no longer called sluts when they do put out, OR men are ALSO called sluts when they put out.
Young boys are given baby dolls and pretend ovens along with their GI Joes and toy guns. Young girls are given lego sets and science kits along with their barbies.
Women who want to go to the front lines of battle are allowed to go instead of being mollycoddled at the back.
Men stop calling weak individuals "pussies" (a female sex organ smaller than a lemon but which can withstand having a watermelon-sized baby shoved through it, and which is extraordinarily strong and resilient) and stop saying that brave, strong people "have balls" (a male sex organ which is extraordinarily weak when even lightly tapped.)
EITHER men don't grimace and scream and gag when a tampon is mentioned in their presence, OR men stop talking about taking a shit, farting, dick cheese, and jacking off in the presence of women.
One man comparing another man to a woman is not a grave insult.
Men stop complaining about so-called "reverse sexism" when what's really beginning to happen is equality.
When we see as many naked men used to sell things as we do naked women.
Male comedians stop doing the tired "women are complicated" "women get upset for no reason" "women remember everything" bit.
There are as many women CEOs and top political figures as there are male ones.
The *number one* cause of death among pregnant women is not the father of her child beating her.
When it's no longer legal to create or sell pornography showing a woman being violently raped.
Women are not called dykes, butch, man-haters, or femi-nazis for having the gall to have a problem with all this.

So basically, when hell freezes over, you can stop opening the doors for us. Until then, you can stand to do that simple little nicety. It makes our lives ever-so-slightly more bearable, and it's the least you owe us. We'll take the responsibilities when you give us the rights.
John: "I'm a feminist, because I'm a real man."


a woman who is angry and bitter, because they have been wronged by men some time in their life. They also have the characteristics of being stubborn, prideful, arrogant, strong-will and determinations.
woman: i refuse to raise my hand, who started this system anyways? men did! this mental-structured-of-organization raising hand system!
man: what a grouchy feminist. *ugh*


	


78
one who partakes in feminism, the strive for equality for both men and women.
Look at that Jerry guy! He is a feminist AND a strong man! What a guy!


	


79
Someone who fights for the rights of women and believes that women and men should be equal. Although they believe women and men should be equal, this does not mean they believe women and men are the same. A feminist believes that men and women should have their differences celebrated, but be given equal respect for those differences. A feminist believes that women and men should receive equal pay, and an equal chance to win a presidential election. A feminist should not be seen as a woman who has men's clothes and short hair. Nor should a feminist be seen as a man hater or thought to be lesbian. Feminists are all sorts of people who believe that men and women should have an equal voice.
She is a feminist who believes in the rights of women.


	


80
After reading the definitions written by the misogynistic assholes on this website, you are surely thinking that being a feminist is a bad thing and that feminists are just angry women who don't shave their armpits. No, feminists are people who recognize the problems in our patriarchal society that prevent not just women but all minorities from achieving what heterosexual, white men can achieve so easily.
Kyle (a 45 year old heterosexual white male): Wow, you think women and men should have equal rights? what a feminazi!!

Literally anyone with a brain cell: Shut up Kyle, I'm a feminist and you should be one too.


	


81
Originally used to describe a person whose beliefs and behavior are based on feminism (the belief in the social, political, and economic equality of the sexes and the movement organized around this belief) but now has very varied and contradicting meanings. A feminist is more commonly used inaccurately as a term for a man-hater or female who sees herself as superior for having a vagina. Also used to describe a female who is outspoken and opinionated in regards to issues related to being pro-choice and gay-positive. Many sexually liberated celebrities such as Charlie's Angel's and The Spice Girls as well as shows such as Sex And The City claimed to be projecting a feminist image which stirred up controversy among many women who saw themselves as feminists but did not agree with the promiscuous and seemingly slutty direction the "new feminism" was headed in. Due to this "sexual liberation" many women who once called themselves feminists no longer do in fear that they would be seen as a) hating all men or b) sluts
"That feminist chick just won't shut-up about her stupid need for equal rights."

"You don't want to wear a dress because it's too slutty? You are such a feminist."

"You should totally wear that slutty dress, it shows that you are a feminist."


	


82
A Female person that supports No Gender violence,lgtb community,No Animal abuse,No bullying,Hates trump,Hates Fox News, have short haircuts,Drive those big ass range rovers. THEY WILL ALWAYS HAVE A FRIEND NAMED KAREN. FEMINISTS AND KARENS ARE HUGE FRIENDS. THEY WERE PROBALBY THOSE TWO GIRLS IN HIGHSCHOOL THAT WILL SNITCH ON A GUY IF HE DID NOT DO HIS HOMEWORK EVEN IF THE GUY GOES TO A DIFFERENT SCHOOL

THE ARE SO FUCKING ANNOYING AND they BELEIVE WOMAN WILL RULE THE WORLD. THEY HAVE SOME KIND OF CHARITY TO RECOGNIZE STRONG INDEPENDENT WOMAN, AND ARE A BIG INFLUENCERS ON SAYING NO TO RAPE.
FEMINIST BEING DEFINED AS: IN 2016 I A WOMAN WENT TO MARCH SO WOMAN CAN BECOME PRESIDENT IN

I SUPPORT ALL THINGS AND COMMUNITIES MENT FOR GOOD
REAL MEN DONT RAPE,



	


102
A person who supports women's rights and respects women's issues.
Earlier feminists fought to obtain woman's suffrage.


	


103
Despite what essentially all of the definitions for feminism on here say, feminism is not a terrible indoctrination movement. I'm not denying that there are some bad feminists (every group has some bad seeds), but we're not a bunch of angry SJWs trying to start a matriarchy. Cut this bullshit about "wah wah angry libtards" and open your eyes.
"I'm a feminist"
-a normal, functioning person who believes in gender equality


	


104
A feminist is someone who believes in equal rights for both men and women. A feminist is a very strong person who doesn't deserve hate for being a girl.
I am a feminist and I am proud.


105
A fat, sweaty hog who is insecure about the way it looks.
*Guy smiles at fat woman*
Feminist: Ew! Quit staring at me you misogynist womanizer! *scoff!*


	


106
A confident women or man that believes in equal rights. This person is sometimes judged for fighting for what she/he believes in . Some people believe that feminist are crule man hating people, but that isnt always the case. Remeber, they fight for equal rights , not women's rights.
Emily: I find it so sad that in some places women arent even allowed to go to school. Its just so unfair!
*random person*: Yeah thats really sad. Hey, are you a feminist?

Emily: Of course I am! Equal rights are just so important!


	


107
A group of people fighting for woman's rights. Like equality.
Not always woman, men can also be feminist.

In the feminist community there are some that hate all men for some reason.

But this happens in most community's were one part will separate and become hatful and stray from the original porpoise.
Bob: are you going to go to the March for woman's rights

Sally: I didn't know you were a feminist

Bob: yep are you still going

Sally: yes


	


108
I know that every definition on this page will be extremely misogynistic, so I'm going to clear things up for you. Yes, women can assault men, but that's not what is going on in the world right now. I'm disappointed in my generation. Why can't you people just open your eyes and see that WOMEN ARE BEING

Raped
Harassed
Objectified
Stereotyped
Abused
And altogether being made into this version of something that is terrible. I'm scared, as a woman, every day, that I will be raped. I'm scared of every man I don't know. I didn't create that fear. You did. I've been forced to sit through entire subway rides where an 80 year old man is staring at my chest, smiling. Please, please, please accept the fact that sexism is real, and do something to stop it. For one, stop writing these hurtful posts. You may think it's a joke, but it's not.
Guy: feminist suck haha men are raped too.
Girl: ...
*says nothing because she was sexually abused, but lives in a society where she would be even further harassed if she spoke up"


	


109
A person that believes in equuality for all genders. Does not mean they hate men.
Shes a feminist.


	


110
Any person who believes that ALL people of any gender, race, or sexual orientation should have equal rights and should be treated as equal. Feminists are often seen as people who think women are superior and that is simply not true. Feminists are not called equalists because that would imply those treated better having to step down to a lower standard and the goal is to raise all people to the highest standard of living.
Being a feminist is loving all people


	


111
A fat whale
guy 1: there are too many fat whales (also known as feminists) here.
guy 2: ye, we need to kill some of em.
guy 1: thas true af ma nibba.


112
A person who believes in and works for equality between the sexes and an end to violence and discrimination against women around the world. Feminists can be people of any age, religion, social class, gender, sexual orientation, nationality, race, or social class. Feminists are sometimes very angry about the way women are treated in society, but the "man-hating castrating feminazi" is a myth spread by sexist media.

Also an adjective referring to feminists.
1. If you enjoy voting, using birth control, and being able to call the police if your husband beats you, thank a feminist!

2. My class is studying feminist interpretations of the Bible.


	


113
Obviously a person who is completely misunderstood by all the people who have posted definitions previous to this one.

A person who believes in egalitarianism; social, economic, and legal rights granted equally to men and women, without putting a person or a group of persons at a disadvantage because of gender, race/ethnicity, religion, sexuality, and class.

A person who understands that women's issues go beyond a western framework and include but are not limited to poverty, racism, globalization, health, colonialism, war, and economics.
HE is a feminist because he realizes that in times of war women are at a higher risk of sexual harassment, such as rape, than in times of non-conflict.

HE is a feminist because he realizes that not every woman finds him attractive and doesn't take it personally when his advances are not received well and refrains from calling women bitches and lesbians because of it.


	


114
Women who have not only furthered the rights of women, but the rights of other groups as well. Feminists have left a profound mark on society. Early first-wave feminists were often aligned with the abolitionist movement, fighting to rid America of slavery. Feminists were/are also involved with the civil rights movement, the sexual revolution (see below), fighting for the rights of the LGBT community, etc.

Feminism encourages women to take control of their own sexuality, instead of fearing being branded a "whore" or a "slut" due to the double standard...and I don't see why anyone is complaining about that. Confident women comfortable with being sexy should be right up your alley.
Where would we be without feminists?


	


115
A person who fights for equal rights between men and women. Originally, these people used to focus on empowering women and encouraging them to break the sexist mold. Modern feminists, unfortunately, are equivalent to misandrists and people who believe in female supremacy. Bear in mind that these people are not feminists; they are feminazis, and they tarnish the name of actual feminists (ones who support rights for both male and female).

If you are a non-feminist reading this right now, and you hate modern feminists for the reasons stated above, please note that the feminists you hate are most likely Tumblr SJWs who do not truly want a just society. The majority of feminists actually have common sense, and do not want to be ridiculed for fighting for the rights of girls in underprivileged countries/areas. Ridicule feminazis all you like (because they deserve it), but I humbly request you to understand that feminism, at its core, is mainly meant for the girls of India, Syria, Iran, and other countries who have their education, innocence and happiness torn away from them and need support from privileged people. Believe me, I've seen it first-hand.
Dylan: Hey, Sarah, I heard you are a feminist.
Lisa: Yeah, you're probably offended by everything, aren't you?
Sarah: That's a feminazi, guys, you've got it mixed up. But, I don't blame you.


	


116
A person who believes that all people are equal. Female feminists are often confused with misandrists thanks to harmful stereotypes.
"He believes disabled people should have the same rights as able-bodied people. Now that's a feminist!"


	


117
ANYONE of any gender or sexual orientation that believes women are just as smart, capable, and important as men. NOT someone who finds excuses to accuse people (men) of things they didn't do. The vast majority of feminists are not "karens" they just don't want to be objectified and taken advantage of. Lastly, feminists are good people and love men very much while still bringing attention to the wrong inequality between the two sexes.
Feminists are upset because women don't get equal pay.


	


118
So, when you here the word "feminist", you probably think of some batshit crazy ladies who blame everything on men. While mostly that's true, a real feminist believes that women should have control over their bodies, that toxic stereotypes against men and women should be crushed, and to love yourself. True feminists also preach that girls should not be taught to like pink, or play with dolls and hair, and nor should boys face the same thing. Another thing true feminists preach is to lift each other up, don't push others down. The person next to you is not competition. Don't compare yourself too others and love who you are. Express your self freely and beautifully. Body positivity is key. Now, many self proclaimed "feminists" completely misunderstand what truly being a feminist means. But that's not feminists.Toodles ðŸ¤ 
Melanie is a true feminist because she promotes body positivity and isn't misandrist like Becky, who hates men.


119
women who want equal rights. thats all. equal pay and equal rights. don't want to be supported by a man and dont care what anyone thinks. someone who wants change
shes paying for her movie ticket, must be a feminist.


	


120
A person who thinks woman matter more than normal people. this is called sexism. they also think blacks matter more than any other race. they are teh worth people in the world. they also think teh world is flat and that vaccines cause autism. they also think the wifi is causeing brain amage.They also think Zelda is a boys name.
you stupid feminist you only care about minorites.


	


121
The definition of Feminism is "Belief in the social, political, and economic equality of the sexes."

Most people wrongly define feminism as what radical women do, which has to do with personal opinion, not Feminism. Many people don't seem to understand, the idea that women are superior conflicts the definition of feminism just as much as men being superior. The idea is that someone isn't better than someone just because of their reproductive organs.

Someone being a feminist does not mean they hate someone just because they are male. As I said earlier, that idea actually conflicts the definition.

So instead of everyone having ignorant misconceptions of what a feminist is, why don't you actually look the definition up in the dictionary. And stop saying all feminists are radical men haters. (And also, not all feminists are represented by or support NOW)
I don't discriminate against men or women, I am a feminist.


	


122
A feminist can be a man or a woman and it is the opposite of misogynist. Feminism has nothing to do with hating men (which is ridiculous) or being a lesbian (which is fine). It is accepting yourself and being strong in a male dominated society, supporting equal rights, pro choice, overall being proud to be a woman or supporting women who believe this.
I'm tired of all these deodorized tampons created by male dominated corporations. I don't my cunt to smell like flowers, I want my cunt to smell like fish!

-The Vagina Monologues


	


123
feminists
cancer
feminists


	


124
a person who believes in the social, political, and economic equality of the sexes
BoyoncÃ©
I'm a feminist!


	


125
Despite what some people have been led to believe, a feminist is not someone who supports female superiority. Feminists are people who believe that males and females are equals; the word is only derived from a Latin word meaning "woman". Most people are feminists, though they aren't familiar with the term's definition and belief it to mean someone who supports female superiority.
Chuck: I think that woman and men should be treated completely equally, and that neither gender is superior.
Larry: Ah, you're a feminist.

A woman who believes she deserves respect from everyone and should not be treated different based on gender or, if you think about it, the fact that she can make the world a better place. (you guys aren't making the babies am i correct?)

A common misconseption is that all feminists hate men, don't shave and are lesbian. That is very false. Feminism is about loving who you are as a woman, it almost has nothing to do with men. I believe that for that exact reason guys felt excluded and decided to make a joke out of it.
Feminist:"Sexist jokes arn't funny... Why do you think its cool to insult women. Would you say that to your mom?"
Sexist Guy:"Oh go shave your legs and stop kissing girls"
Feminist:"Um... I shave my legs. And my boyfriends right over there. Loser."


	


127
Contrary to popular belief, the term feminist describes someone (of any gender) who wants equal rights between genders. True feminists are NOT all a bunch of man-bashing, hairy women who "just need to get laid", who only want men to be subservient to get special privileges for women.

The feminist ideology calls for EQUAL RIGHTS between genders, not the oppression of men. However, many people still seem to take a statement like this: "We want equality between the sexes, we want to be treated as people and valued just as much as men, and we want a quality of life that does not leave us entirely dependant upon men," and turn it into something like this: "We want men to pay for oppressing us for all of history, so we're gonna take away all their rights and force them to stay at home with the kids all day watching Oprah and the Oxygen network. Oh, and we want to rid the world of porn, strippers, shaving products, and makeup."

It is still possible for someone, such as a porn-lovin', makeup-wearing, clean-shaven woman to call herself a feminist. Feminism does NOT call for the elimination of gender roles, merely equality and flexibility between them.
Correct usage: "Of course I want equal rights, I'm a feminist."

Incorrect usage: "What?!? That hot chick over there says she's a feminist? Yeah right."


	


128
A person who feels that gender roles are arbitrary and lame and who believes in equal rights.

This is the most common kind, although there are many different kinds.
i guess Kathleen Hannah


	


129
A person who seeks out equality for all. Also a person who accepts that patriarchy is real, acknowledges that there needs to be a change, and fights to make a change.

THIS DOESN'T MEAN:
a lesbian hell bent on locking all men away.
a woman who wants to oppress men.
a feminazi

I hate patriarchy, and i want everyone to be equal, i am totally a feminist


	


130
To put it simply, a retarded attention whore.
Osama Bin-Ladan acted like a feminist


	


131
A woman who strives for equal rights among both genders. Feminists have become more of a joke in modern days because of all the lies and how they are like 'me me me' and say that all things women go through are bad and there is no sexism against men. Like the sexism to 'be a man' and saying some girl is tougher than you. They thing men are supposed to be tough, as do most of the population. They also use so many stereotypes on men and say it's true and how men "talk about boobs for hours". They also have stretched out the word rape so much that saying hi to some woman driving by is "sexual harassment" and then they continue to harass that man who said hi. There are still normal and good feminists that don't do this, even though most are claiming to not be feminists because of these bad stereotypes.
"I'm a feminist".


	


132
A Feminist is a person who believes that men and women are equal. This is becoming more common in society

There are many groups of Feminists but only a minority of groups,(Radical's) think that Men are the reason women are oppressed. The rest just seek equality between the sexes.
Feminists have supported and campaigned for the passing of laws in Britain such as:
-Equal Pay Act
-Sex Discrimination Act
-Employment Protection Act (Maternity/Paternity leave)

These are not extreme and can work for the protection of both men and women.



133
A feminist can be a man or a woman no matter from what race, class, sexuality, gender etc who believe in equal rights between the sexes, races, classes, genders. Anyone can be a femnist. There are different types of feminist ranging from Radical, Liberal, Conservative, Cultural, Ecofeminism, Socialist, Marxxist, Black feminism, the list can go on.
For example, bell hooks definition of feminism/ feminist is " Feminism is a movement to end sexism, sexist exploitation, and oppression." All types of oppression need to end before there's true equality between everyone in this world. But if people like most of the people who posted very hateful and mysoginist comments under Feminism, keep thinking the same way there will never be true equality and bliss in this world. So for all the people who believe in the stereotypes of feminism should educated themselves about feminism before you talk negatively about it.


	


134
person (man or woman) who strongly believes that the intellectual abilities of a person of feminine gender are comparable to those of a person of male gender and therefore women should be rewarded by equal (to men) social success and appreciation. Extrapolating further on this idea, a feminist is a person who believes that a woman who is gifted with high intelligence, has a strong intellectual foundation / background and exceptional interest and experience CAN take on social roles and responsibilities that previously were thought of as roles that only male gender persons can fulfill. "Social roles" meaning: contributing to the development of science and research (in fields such as physics, chemistry, economy etc), participating in decision making for large social communities (in roles of mayor, senator, governor etc.), participating in the media in a moral and dignified manner (persons of female gender were priorly represented by entertainment especially in scandalous attires for the entertainment of the public) along with the belief that the voiced opinion of a woman who is expert in an area should certainly weight more than the opinion of a person of male gender who is mildly familiar with the topic.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Misinterpretations of the term 'FEMINIST':
Feminist = men hater. This is a confusion that occurs often in nature. Hating of men as a group, or generally hating a social group that presents a particular common trait (such as gender, color, belief, practice, hobby) constitutes a type of behavior which is known as discrimination. The term 'feminist' has positive connotations and thus is a term that differs and has nothing in common with the expression 'men hater.'

- - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Misconception regarding the term 'feminist' = feminist means striving to achieve equality of men and women BUT on a social level. "Equality" in this context, means allowing the women to perform work that she can rightfully perform and rewarding women with the credit and respect due and commensurate to their respective intellectual abilities and work effort. Stating that 'women should pay for dinner just as men do' do not make the domain of what the term 'feminist' means. The process of romantic courtship as it is present in nature in most animal species involves the male gender individual performing certain rituals and displays of his physical qualities and his social power in order to advertise himself to female gender individuals as a good potential father (genetically, as well as in terms of his ability of caring for the offspring until they reach adulthood.) Therefore behaviors and displays that pertain to what constitutes "romantic courtship" have nothing to do with that which the term "feminism" describes. As "feminism" is a term that qualifies a woman from a purely intellectual and mental ability stand point.

In the light of misinterpreting the statement "feminism = women equality to men" we could ask a man and woman to perform a same physically strenuous task. It is expected and normal that a man would be more successful due to the more robust and rugged built of the male body.

FEMINISM -> does not argue with the laws of nature, it argues for an alteration of the outdated laws of a society.
Mike is convinced that Clinton could be a better president than either Obama or McCain. I knew that Mike was very avidly following politics but now it appears without a doubt and in an unplanned manner that he is a bit of a feminist as well.


	


135
A feminist is a person who believes that there is still a need for social change in the treatment of women. There are many different kids of feminism.... Marxist feminism, radical feminism, liberal feminism, psychoanalytical feminism... etc. Liberal feminism is the most common among white middle class women who simple believe in equal rights for women. However, feminism is not only about the legal rights of women, but the social attitudes about women as well.
One example is the epidemic of eating disorders among young women who are influenced by society to stay thin. Many feminists believe that this stems from the male desire (conscious or subconscious) to keep women small and vulnerable.
There are many issues which need to be addressed. Feminists also believe that males are oppressed by social standards they are raised with. For example, it is socially unacceptably for men to cry in public, whereas it's perfectly normal for women. These are social standards that limit the full potential of both genders. Men who are threatened by feminists should learn more about feminism before they insult is, as feminism really has nothing to do with the concept of hating men. We believe that men are oppressed as well. There are 'male studies' courses popping up in universities all over the world. Women just happened to think of it first.
If a man really takes the time to learn what feminism is, he will probably consider himself a feminist as well.


	


136
You may have heard that feminists are man-hating lesbians who like to burn their bras in public, or bitter women who don't shave their armpits and despise sex. AND, if you listen to Pat Robertson, feminists are encouraged to kill their own children and overthrow the government. If you haven't guessed it already, all of the above - ranging from the silly to the outright ridiculous - are simply stereotypes. The actual definition of a feminist (according to the American Heritage Dictionary) is someone, male or female, who believes in social, political and economic equality between the sexes. Basically, feminists believe that women and men should be treated the same and given the same rights. Now that yu know the definition of "feminist", here's a little background info. Even though the term was developed in France (feminisme) in the mid-1800s, it didn't become popular until the 1960s. By the 1960s, the women's movement was well underway and women all over were campaigning for equal rights across the board - from eliminating job discrimination to gaining reproductive rights and political representation in the government. Previously, these women's groups had used the term "women's liberationist" to define themselves, but as it began to lose popularity they embraced the term "feminist." So hw did this word come to have such negative connotations? Like most things that are challenged, the previous, male-dominated power structure felt threatened. Change can be scary; and now women were demanding equal pay for equal work or the ability to make choices about their own bodies. Women were rightfully angry and did some very radical things (though no bras were burned, contrary to popular belief). It is much easier for people to put down feminism than admit that society must change its ways. Also, many people tended to (and still do) think that since the term "feminism" has "fem" in it, a feminist must be someone who wishes to raise women above men. But if you look to the actual definition of a feminist, it's simply about creating an even playing field for men and women. And you cannot forget the people or language used that encourages these negative connotations. The term feminazi (feminist + nazi) has been used to criticize feminists, purporting the stereotype that they have a Nazi-esque hatred for men as well as believing that women are superior to men. Therefore, a cycle of anti-feminist discourse is always playing.

Have you ever realised that a woman will often get paid less for doing exactly the same job as a man? We are strong, brave, independent women, and we deserve the same respect and rights that men have. So why don't we see it happening? This is what feminists believe, and this is what I believe. If you have a problem with that, don't complain to me.


	


137
A crazy succubus who finds cutting the testicles and penises off of men sexually arousing.
Stay away from that feminist. She will cut your balls off and eat them.


	


138
a person (male or female) who believes any oppression is wrong and works against it.
The feminist fought against war, sexual harassment, and anti-immigrant policies.


	


139
A person who believes that women are equal to men and thus advocates for women's rights. They are commonly thought of as hypocritical, although this is merely a masculinist notion, and holds little grounding. Any sane and fair person should label themselves as much a feminist as anything else, as it is only fair that women are treated equally.
Charlotte: I believe women are equal to men!

Thomas: WOAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH! ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!?! You crazy feminist b*tch.


	

140
Someone who channels her unused sexual energy through coming on Urban Dictionary every day to thumb up the first page definitions for feminist, feminism, and feminazi.
Notice the difference in the thumbs up/down ratio between page one and the rest of the pages on the feminist, feminazi, and feminism definitions.


	


141
Someone who believes in equality between men and women.
I want to see the sexist pigs who try to define feminists without having a clue.


	


142
Feminist are retarded women, who thinks they dont have the same rights as men.
Hi, I believe in feminism. shut the fuck up. Feminist are retards


	


143
A woman that thinks she is better than every gender including a trash bin.
Sabrina: I am so much better than you because you are a boy

Jackson: I identify as a Ah64v Apache Helicopter operated by the USAF, self sufficient feminist.Beat that

Sabrina: I drive a prius.

Jackson: lol nub.

defined


	


144
A crazy bitch (also know as a feminist) is a women who was kidnapped and raped at a young age and now thinks that every man wants to rape her.
(Feminist drops bag)
Me: here let me help you to your car
Feminist: why? So you can knock me out and rape me!

(Knees me in balls and calls police)
Me: (struggling to say) I was just trying to be a gentlmen


	


145
A person (usually a woman not always) who believes that everyone should be equal. The reason for this is unknown but ment people think its because there lonely. Which isn't the case since some people have been raped and want more equality in court besides for being called whore and bitch. Or they see someone getting called names because of gender, color, ect) and they want to make a difference in that.
John: hey, im a feminist, and i believe that everyone should be treated the same no matter what color or gender they are.


	


146
a feminist is someone who wants women to have all the rights of men, but none of the responsibilities. for example, the draft, equal sentencing, and equal custody are all things that should come with equal rights..
as feminist spiderman once said, "womens rights come with no responisbilty"




147
A "woman " that claims that their is still inequality in the world. The "male" counter part is the by product of a family with a spin-less father or a father less family. A female feminist can be compared to a beluga whale though it is quite offensive to the whale. Should you make the mistake of befriending a feminist do not eat the minstral blood waffles or the vigina yeast bread. Science has discovered that the female feminist is a Eugene
Birman: I'm no Biomajor but these feminist are retarded.


	


148
A single woman who is age 20 to 45 that owns more than 3 cats and has been rejected more times than that one creepy,needy and ugly kid in middle school.
Did you hear about barbra that one furry in high school

Yeah, I heard that she was now a feminist


	


149
A type of Retardation that effect common sense.
"Are you an feminist " person 1 "yes" feminist "your retarded "


	


150
A woman (or man) who thinks that all people should have equal rights, no matter what gender interpretation they are. These people should NOT be associated with Feminazis who are women that believe that women are better than men and that men are sexist assholes who rape anything that breathes. Not all Feminists think this way of course, but it would be advised to to mix up the two terms.
Feminist: all women and men are created as equals! We shouldn't put eachother down!

Feminazis: all women are oppressed and its all the mans fault! Men should die! They're assholes!


	


151
Whoever wants equal rights. It doesn't have to be a girl. It can be anyone. Not just equal rights for girls but everyone. Some may think it's girls who hate guys and believe they are better. However, that can't be farther from the truth. At the end of the day we just want to be equal
Feminists save the world everyday.


	


152
People who pretend to be for the equality between men and women when in actuality, many of them are bigots and hate men. Generally, they can be identified by their big goofy non prescription glasses, dyed hair, a meaningless word salad of fancy sound words,plaid shirt, piercings, and their ability to whine and complain about inanimate objects ( AC compressors) being sexist.
Somebody get that feminist a strait-jacket and counseling...a LOT of counseling.


	


153
Believing in the equal rights of men and women. Some men might think feminists are men haters but we just want each gender to be treated equally. Someone who hates men is sexist, not a feminist.
John: Are you a feminist?

Carly: Yes of course.

John: You hate men?!

Carly: No I think men and women should be treated the same and you should too.
John: I guess I'm a feminist then.



154
Someone who says they are for equality of sex but in actuality they support the superiority of the female over the male.
Male: My teacher today kicked me out of class for talking to my classmates before class, but she ignored your ex-girlfriend behind me when she was on the phone and talking very loud.

Friend of male: Aren't phones supposed to be banned in the school
Male: Yes they are, but our teacher is a feminist, so she only cares about the rules of our school when a man does something wrong


	


155
When a woman or women take on the personality of a teenage boy going through puberty.
A feminist is when a women takes on the personality of a teenage boy going through puberty.


	


156
the living embodiment of cancer on earth so many soyboys have been bred because of these low lifes
1:hey i like samantha should i ask her out
2:NO SHES A FEMINIST


	


157



	


158


	


159


	


160


161
A person who thinks everything is done by males and bitch about it.
Guy:Hey.
Feminist:Hey.
Guy:Can you hold this for me, I gotta use the little Men's room.
Feminist:(Triggered Face) Why not the little Lady's room?


	


162
A person who blames the male as a gender for his or her own stupidity
Feminist 1: Damn I failed my last test.
Feminist 2: It doesn't matter that you didn't learn for it, your teacher is misogynistic, rapist monster for not letting you pass!

Feminist 1: right! Let's post on Facebook how unfair the world is and how brave we are for fighting injustice!


	


163
A term that used to mean "someone who thinks women should be equal to men" but nowadays generally means "a woman who thinks men should bow to women."
Man: Hey hun wanna have sex?
Feminist: Any male initiated sex is rape!


	


164
A person who supports equal rights. This word is often misused by people claiming to want equal rights but really just wanting special treatment, and people who think all feminists act as such. Now considered a bad thing, and often used as an insult.

Feminists are often NOW members.
(The misuse of "feminist")
Jane: Well, John, I think that since we're doing the same amount of work in the exact same position, don't you think I should be earning the same amount of money?
John: Jane, if you keep talking like that everyone's going to think you're a feminist.
Jane: OH MY GOD! I'm sorry, I'm not a feminist, I don't want anyone to think that!
(Correct usage)
Jane: Well, John, I think that since we're doing the same amount of work in the exact same position, don't you think I should be earning the same amount of money?
John: Jane, if you keep talking like that everyone's going to think you're a feminist.
Jane: Well, John, I am. And I'm proud of it. I just want equal pay.


	


165
A persosn who believes the idea that women should be equal to men. It is a real cause for some women who have actual facts like the gender pay difference. Most feminists however, are just sheltered liberals who think everything in life should be fair. When feminists talk about any subject they never take into consideration how it affects men, only themselves. If you say you want to be "equal" with men and then try to conceal the ideas and struggles of men you are a liar and have no justification in your cause. Feminists are extremely likely to become old cat ladies.
Jake: Dude how does Sarah not have a boyfriend? She's really smart and hot
Chris: She's a feminist
Jake: Oh now it makes sense


	


166
A feminist is anyone who supports gender equality for women. A feminist also:
- hates it when women are objectified by men

-is upset that the Equal Rights Amendment still is yet to be passed
-is someone who fucking hates misogynists and will kick their fucking asses if they even so much as utter a sexist comment
-secretly thinks girls are way better than guys and should be more present in politics excluding Sarah Palin and Meg Whitman (both disgraces to womenkind)

Note: All women should be offended by misogynistic and degrading comments; society just feels the need to classify women who are outspoken about it
Guy: Dude, you kick like a girl

Feminist (overhearing comment): As a woman and feminist who is offended by that comment, I request that you take it back

Guy: No way, bitch

Any Girl in this situation, not just a feminist: You fucking chauvinist pig, go fuck yourself


	


167
A winy fat women who who believes in myths and is hated by society
That idiot must be a feminist


A mental disorder that makes you think men are rapist and murders
Im sorry but she is a feminist she will slowly grow fatter and her hair will start changing colors in to very bright colors and will say"fuck the patriarchy"and shout "men are rapist"


	


169
Females who believe in equal rights and believe in myths such as Women do not get paid as much as men do. They struggle to listen to other peoples suggestions and gang up on males whilst being ignorant towards whatever evidence they provide. Most Feminists believe they're making the world better even though they are very incorrect and fail to think about their actions.

Feminists play a huge role of owning victim cards.
Males And Females are treated equally compared to back in the days and I really think they should just shut the fuck up.
Random Guy Attacked By Feminist: Look I really need to go to work!

Feminist: What so you can earn 30% more amount of money then me, then a hard working female like I am does?!
Random Guy Attacked By Feminist : We've all been equal since 1980 and we females earn the same amount of pay as males do too depending on their job!

Feminist: BS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WILL BURN YOU!!!!

(Ps I am a female myself ... Lmao)


	


170
Someone of any gender who believes in equality of the sexes, and supports feminism. A feminist is NOT always a man-hating woman who doesn't shave. Often, feminism is misunderstood as man hating, however it is actually just a movement that aims to help women receive the same treatment as men. Feminism is needed because women are systematically oppressed. This does NOT mean women are oppressed by men necessarily, but by society. Despite common belief, a man CAN be a feminist.
wow, did you know that Luke and Moana are feminists? ThatÂ´s cool!
I am a feminist!


	


171
A type of person who gets extremely offended over stupid shit
Mark:I went to the store and asked where the milk was and this bitch got all offended saying I was sexually harassing her and shit
Tommy: what a fucking feminist


	


172
Absolute fucking cancer
Feminist 1: YOUR SITTING LIKE A NORMAL MALE WOULD WELL IM RETARDED AND YOUR MANSPREADING.

Feminist in 2019 let me explain, So feminism is something that is supposed to make all sex's equal but yet feminist treat males like crap now. For example, manspreading, sitting like a normal human with your legs open and not crushing your balls is now called manspreading and it is the stupidest thing ever. Also, there's a new thing called mansplaining which is when a man explains something obvious because the feminist ask them how to use it and the man is trying to help but its just a trick to the feminist's retardism.


	


173
A brain dead female who claims to fight for equal rights but when confronted on what don't know shit they also shame men and make them seem as if they shouldn't be alive also if your a female and aren't a feminist your considered a trader and are against the LGBTQ community
Sally became a feminist and hates all men and got one 21 years in prison for false rape accusations


	


174
a feminist just wants equal opporutnities to men. They don't hate men, and accept, and like chivalry and many men are also feminists and think women should be paid as much as men. Feminism means that if men cant hit women, women cant hit men. That male rape victims are just as important as female ones, and that it is DEFINITELY not their fault. Femi-nazis are feminists who believe females are better than men. PLEASE do not mix the two up.
'He embraced the feminist cause with enthusiasm.'

175
A person who believes men and women should be treated equally and have equal rights. They don't want to be treated inferior to men, they want to be treated the same way. Feminists don't believe men are superior but neither do they believe that women are superior. Don't believe that annoying bullshit sexist people are saying about feminists that they're tryna be better than men and bring them down. That being sexist, not feminist.
Amanda: I'm a feminist. I believe that everyone in this planet no matter race, gender, or sexuality.
Jessie: so am I.


	


176
A woman with daddy issuses that no one likes.
"You see that feminist over there?"

"Shes a fucking disappointment"


	


177
Some bitch who claims everything men do is rape while trying to say that women are oppressed with a straight face.
Guy 1: Man, I just got charged with rape for a woman I don't even know
Guy 2: Dude, it must've been a feminist


	


178
A fucked up bitch who shouldn't be able to have kids.
Person 1:Hey how was your date Saturday

Person 2: oh she was a feminist
Person 1: oh that's not good


	


179
a fucking hoe who thinks that just because they are a girl the should get everything for free. they are most of the time fat
boy I like scouts

girl, i like girl guides

feminist let me fucking join scouts or I will sue

boy but you are a girl just join girl guides

that is so sexist

boy fuck you


	


180
A reason to argue, usually for women and in some cases their defeated male companions. Feminism is the leading cause of cancer, AIDS, Sour Vagina, and a rare form of Camel Toe called Cuntzenhoof. Recent studies by SAC (Stop A Cunt), an all Non-Cunt team of men and women highly experienced and trained in Anti-Cunt and Anti-Anti-Penis analytics, found that 97% of all postmortem Feminst brains examined had CDP (Cock Denial Problems) stemming from prolonged lack of penis inside of vagina. Many SAC researchers were surprised when the pre-screen survey showed that most of the women were not lesbian until well after post pubescence and almost 39% selected NA for sexual orientation. While it is highly debated, a popular theory is that a combination of bad looks and poor attitude kept even the most desperate men from trying to hit that nasty puss. In January 2017, Cock Denial Problems reached an all time high. Executive SAC researchers responded and pushed to raise CDP awareness by opening clinics across all 50 states and Puerto Rico but their efforts have proven futile as the election of Super Tard and hybrid Douche-Turd, Donald Trump as POTUS has only made the feminist vag-ing-dong increasingly sour and new forms of Cuntzenhoof have been found, the newest and most deadly was called Hillary Cunton or H Cunt, named after patient zero, Hillary Clinton.
Becky longed for a stiff nub plugging, but after consistent turn down from even the most desperate men that were scared away by bitch fits and tantrums, Becky became a sour pussy Feminist.


	


181
Someone who have autism or a similar for of retardation
A feminist shouts for no reason, spits like a dumbass, thinks it knows everything but in reality it doesn't knows nothing


An individual who believe that men and women are of equal competence and mental strength and should be treated as such. Believes that a man is an incompetent individual only if there is proof that he is, not just because he is a male. Will get fed up with almost every definition of feminist on Urban dictionary. If any of the above are not true of an individual, THEY ARE NOT A FEMINIST.
I am a feminist, therefore I believe that in court if a male and female individual commit the same crime, they should have the same sentence no matter what gender they are.


	


183
A dickhead pussy who needs to read biology one and social sciences one and needs to learn that people starving in fucking Ethiopia and women getting randomly killed in Saudi need help, not them because some dude whistled at them.
Bob: so, you still gunna smash?
Ned: idk, what do you think?
Bob: I heard she's a feminist.
Ned: you mean modern day nazi? Then hell to the no I'm deleting her off my phone and blocking her snapchat!
Bob: lol good choice what I would do


	


184
a person who believes in feminism, not to be mistaken with misandry
it's unfortunate that many women claiming to be feminists are actually misandrists, giving real feminists a bad name
Note: feminists are not a women-only thing; men can be feminists too
There's a difference between a feminist and a misandrist. It's very disappointing that a lot of people think they're the same thing.


	


185


	


186


	


187


	


188


189


	


190


	


191


	


192


	


193


	


194


	


195


196


	


197
A feminist is an individual (can be male, female or anything else) that wants equality for all genders.

A feminist is often stereotyped as a woman that hates men and wants women superiority, now some people may state that they are a feminist because of these reasons, but this is incorrect. They are misandrists.
Most definitions made by others group misandrists and feminists together and call them all feminists.
I cannot force you to believe me, of course, but I just hope you don't automatically put all thoughts of feminists being NOT sexist out of your head. Society has warped feminism into being something it is not.

The way other people talk about it matter-of-factly as if they "can get inside the mind of a true feminist" is ridiculous because they clearly don't know anything about it.
Please don't make a definition for something you haven't fully researched.

Thank you.
Person 1 - Feminists hate men.

Person 2 - You must mean misandrists. Feminists are actually fighting for equality.

Person 1 - Oh! I didn't know because I didn't correctly do my research, can you please explain in more detail?


	


198
A person who, despite much stereotype, just wants equality for men and women. A very small amount of "feminists" want women to be above men, that is actually just an assumption. Feminists are typically very peaceful and willing to talk and debate with people that have other opinions. Don't group all feminists together, hear what that person believes as an individual! -open mindedness-
"bro I hate feminists. They all hate men."
"Nah dude. Feminists are chill, they just want equality. We should all be feminists."


	


199
Feminist (n.) Feminists are not to be confused with misandrists. They do not hate men, they simply want equal rights with them. They are not against the laws of nature. While some people are against feminists because they think that feminists hate men, these people are mistaken. Feminists can be women or men, and they are people who want equal pay, equal rights, and so on between women and men. NOTE: NOT to be confused with misandrists!! Feminists do NOT hate men.
Person 1: That feminist sure cares about women's rights.

Person 2: Yeah, but she/he just wants equal rights, not superiority against men.


	


200
just a person who doesn't care what gender you are, they'll respect you either way and they expect the same

because it's not that hard
feminist:hey dude don't say that
person: omg millions of men get attacked every day for saying the wrong things

everyone: what the fuck


	


201
A person who stands up for women's rights and the equality of sexes.

A feminist is a person that believes men and women should be given the same opportunities regardless of what is in their pants.

A Feminist is not a plus size lesbian that hates men. A Feminist is not a man-hating machine that wants all men died. A feminist is not just women, a man also represent feminism (and that does not mean that man is gay or soft). And a Feminist is women that is very sensitive and has no sense of humor (however, sexist jokes are not funny).
Everyone should be a Feminist because it represents equal for all, not just women.


	


202
A feminist is not always a bitch. A feminist is a person that wants women and men to be not only equal but seen the same and not for what they what gender they is. To encourage women to try new things. People think that being a feminist means you think women are greater than men. Well it doesn't mean that. If you do that you are doing exactly what non-feminist people are doing. Just with the opposite gender.

I know an advocate that was thought to be a housewife. Cause that is where she belongs. Well she is actually and advocate that is very truthful and fights for what she believes in. She is one of the greatest females I know.

By saying this doesn't mean that she is better than men. I'm just trying to show to you guys that she can also be like men.
"Does she believe in women?"
"Yeah, she is a feminist."


Feminist: a person who believes that all genders should be treated equally
Not to be confused with misandry which is a hatred for all men, see sexism

Commonly misused by ignorant fucks in place of misandrist or someone who wants respect (definitely not the same thing don't get your boxers in a twist)
A radical feminist (misandrist pretty much) may be referred to as a feminazi
Most of the people writing definitions of this word need to look up what feminism means
Feminist: says anything
The men on this website: what a man hating bitch!


	


204
A person who believes in equal rights for all genders. A person who is smart enough to understand that it is about equal opportunities and not for women to rule over men. A person who is smart enough to realise you do not have to be a female to support feminism. A women who does not go against rights for women in Order to side with the Oppersite sex. God all of u please get some sense into you . It's 2019 and we are still not equal this movement is in hope that one day we will be and until then there is no need for people claiming feminists are anything else .
oh they believe in equal rights for all genders , who are they ?
a feminist is what they are !


	


205
Whales disguised as people campaigning to make men believe in the illusion that dishwashers are people.
Doctor: 500lbs!! You need to lose some weight!
Dishwasher: shut I'm stop being sexist I'm a feminist stop fat shaming me you're so misogynistic and stupid you aren't worthy of my awesomeness shut up females are better your opinion doesn't matter


	


206
the cause of cancer
the Feminist is the cause of my cancer


	


207
obnoxious hypocritical woman/man. often found at Starbucks. It is recommended for Trump supporters to stay at least 3 feet away if one notices they support Trump. NEVER state a fact around a feminist.
That FEMINIST is crazy- oh crap, I think she noticed I'm white and male; I think shes triggered.


	


208
Haters, Simply think that since they have a vagina automatically makes them better than anyone

around them
I am a feminist i like to have power


	


209
Someone who supports the empowerment of women. Traditionally to the point of equality with men. Some go too far, many don't. Not to be confused with Feminazi; women who take feminism too far and assault men, and who are used as a straw-man argument by neck-beards who are intimidated by something they don't understand (women).
1. I'm a feminist because there are gender-based issues that must still be addressed by our society as a whole
2. BlahblahblahFeminaziblahblahBitchblahblahFeminist are evilblahblahKitchenblahblahtinypenis.


210
A feminist is usually NOT a man/woman (usually woman) who wants equality between sexes, instead, they want females to be dominant in society. So basically they are fucking retards.
"Feminists should be wiped off the face of earth."


	


211
Feminists
The type of person thinking you are doing a favor by calling every male a nazi when most liberals are actually Socialist
He doesn't believe there are 300 gender as a feminist I find it offensive

Me later to a friend feminists are wack


	


212
Literally the definition of false rape accusations
Guy 1: Oh fuck theres a feminist

Guy 2: Fuck me lets get out of here before we get arrested for "rape"


	


213
People that want attention to become socially involved. 90% of these women become feminists to be a part of something they don't know much about so they get excepted by people.
omg I'm so much better than men I love myself and I cry because we are so "strong" we are so feminist


	


214
More PC word for Fat-Arsed-Dyke
"Damn Dykes.... I mean Feminists"


	


215
won't care for gay people... or straight people for that matter
Girl: Hey! get down from from there! i know gay marriage is wrong and all that, but if they want to get it done, let them.
Crowd: Awww,
Guy: >=( feminist bitch!
Crowd: what???


	


216
A women or man who fights for the advocacy of women's rights on the grounds of political, social, and economic equality to men.
I hate when people mix up feminist and feminazi

217
Someone who actually cares about the equality of EVERYONE. Many of the 'definitions' are evidently written by uncultured swines who do not realise that feminism is the equality of BOTH GENDERS, a true feminist fights for equal rights for EVERYBODY obviously some of the people writing these false definitons don't see equality as a massive step foward...
Hey! Feminists are pretty cool! Fighting for equal rights for everyonr!


	


218
Kurt Cobain and John Lennon.

This isn't an opinion but a simple fact. They described themselves as proud feminists and challenged the traditional gender roles through their music. Do the research.

So everyone who gives this a thumb down can't read, is a fan of Pat Robertson and his hate speeches or simply enjoys spreading lies about an idea that is honorable through and through.
Kurt Cobain, the proto feminist: "... at the top of the food chain is still the white, corporate, macho, strong ox male. Not redeemable as far as I'm concerned. ... Sexism has to be blown wide openâ€¦but there are thousands of green minds, young gullable 15 year old boys out there just starting to fall into the grain of what they've been told of what a man is supposed to be ..."

Kurt Cobain: "Rape Me"

John Lennon: "Woman is the N****r of the World"


	


219
Someone who will make shit up to ruin people's lives and/or to ruin things in general. They also spout out a lot of bullshit.
'Blacks can't be racist.'
'Games are sexist because I took this out of context.'
'Fuck the White Male Patriarchy that doesn't exist.'
'He said the word, "Dongle". Fire his ass.'
'He raped me with words!'
'As a Feminist, I deserve full control of your life because you are an oppressive White Male.'


	


220
A person who does B.S claims for the rights of women and always thinks everything is sexist.
This feminist thinks that the air conditioning is sexist.


	


221
A feminist is a retarded man/woman who is autistic
Feminists are autistic


	


222
A group of mainly women (some are men) than are usually from first world countries. These people fight for issues that they say are only for women, but affect all people. They complain about women being sexualized on the internet, getting insulted on the internet, and being complemented on the internet(yes they actually complain about that). These issue affect everyone on the internet. There are some who actually believe that men aren't the root of every single little problem for women, but these people are actually something under called Egalitarianism. The 1st and 2nd waves of feminism had actual purpose, but now, in the 3rd wave, is nitpicking every little problem for women and blaming these problems on men.( that means the concept of feminism now means that it's now sexist to be a feminist).
Bob: Look, a 3rd wave feminist, she seems to be saying that men shouldn't have such toxic masculinity, but then says we can all cry our privileged male tears.

Billy: Wait, why is she hating on men?
Bob: She says the Patriarchy causes all women's problems.
Billy: Let's just leave her alone, she won't listen to our views because we're men.


	


223
Hypocritical batshit crazy fat misandrists
your super fat mom: IM A FEMINIST!

you: congrats u are now a sexist idiot


Females/retards who think their opinions matters. Also think they are 100% correct
Me( a nice loving person): hello, how is your day?
Feminist: you are sexist
Me:wh-

Feminist: rants for 10 minutes.
Me: Shut the fuck up
You're a fucking cunt
Shut the fuck up
You're a stupid cunt, suck my dick

Shut the fuck up
Stop being a cunt

Shut the fuck up
Nobody even wants you here


	


225
1. noun: Someone who stands up for or believes in women's rights.

2. noun: That word you look up on urban dictionary when you want to be angry.
1. Yes, I see myself as a feminist. No, I don't hate men.
2. I wanted to be angry so I looked up feminist on urban dictionary. As expected it just made me really sad about the world and I'm stuck in front of my computer writing a definition about feminism instead of making pancakes like I was going to. :(


	


226
The kind of girl that thinks the double standard of slights and comments about older guys having their dad's body, but that its a real shocker when a single guy comments on how many older females have mama's body from partying and years of work and stress is okay, that its only males who should be thinking of how the other sex is human, and does care what people think of them, no matter how much they pretend not to (in a desperate attempt to look nonchalant instead of awkward and silly).
The feminist made snarky comments about guys in their 40s and 50s not having the youthful appearance they did in their 20s and 30s, then complained about how males were obsessed with their bodies and female's bodies, and still couldn't see the double standard they practiced and preached against for what it was. Youth doesn't last forever.


	


227
Another double standard of a feminist- It's a real shocker when a male is single, and its okay for a female to make comments and remarks about what she thinks of the guy, but for a male to do the same, to notice its a real shocker that the girl is single and make comments and remarks about it is what she calls something like petty.
To a feminist, things are only one-sided when the other sex does it, and double standards are only double standards when the other sex does it (which is by definition, going by a double standard, the same you preach against).


	


228
Someone who believes a male's way of thinking can be one-sided, but a female's never can. Someone who believes females are more necessary to the future of the human race than males, and that they always were more necessary.
The feminist preaches about equality and freedom when she thinks males have slighted her in any way, but thinks its okay for males to get locked up for nothing.


	


229
A retard
Hey, call me a Feminist, because I'm retarded


	


230
A (female) how believes that the most dominant gender of people should be female.
You believe that men are filthy and should be less than women, you"re a feminist.





231
A type of cancer that many women with short hair have
A feminist told me there were more than two genders, I murdere her




232
A person who laughs hysterically at the penises who have the nerve to whine about the evil evil feminists while the penises are the ONLY REAL victims because - and get that - they are also discriminated against and actually have to open doors and go to war and those horrible objects called women - yeah, get that - really didn't have it that bad.

They were only defamed by every religious text, burnt as witches, robbed of their right to receive an education, vote and own property in a marriage up until the 19th century. 13 year old girls in Afghanistan are being married off to 60 year old abusers and dare complain. Yeah, the whimps.

Look here, strong men, we go to war, open the doors, and earn the money (all things we do anyway) and you bear the children.

Deal?

Yeah, didn't think so.
Bobby Tom (IQ 27): Oh man, I hate those chicks ... those, what's the word ... feminists. They steal out thunder, man. We are the real victims. Dude, I took this chick on a date, Chuck E. Cheese, and I totatally had to pay the bill. I want equality!
Jason (IQ 120): You poor soul. But if you want real equality, that would mean that they have to pay the bill but we have to push living, breathing beings out of our bodies. Do you want that, Bobby Tom?


	


233
A person (any gender) who believes that women and men should be equal.
A Feminist is someone who believes a man and a woman with the same credentials applying for the same job should not be determined by their gender, and rather whoever has more prior experience.


	


234
People who are often beluga whale status and think irrationally, these overweight people belong in the ocean or need to shut there mouths as they are too far to open them
That feminist just belly flopped and caused a tsunami that wiped out the the earth

That feminist just told me I am manspreading and that I need to close my legs even though I have something in between


	


235
A feminist is someone of any gender that wants equal rights between everyone, no matter what their race or sexuality (and other factors) is. Close-minded people claim "FeMiNiSM is CaNCer" or "ALL FEminiStS hAtE MeN" which is entirely false. A feminist only wants equality and peace amongst all people including - sex workers, transgender men and women, etc.
Brad: Feminism isn't needed anymore.

Beau: As a feminist, I disagree because women are still not treated equally to men in many countries and there are so many social issues not being addressed today - especially discrimination against transgender men and women.


	


236
There are 3 types of feminists-
-Smart Feminist: Tries to use facts in order to support their ideas. They believe in gender equality (although there are no facts that help feminists)

-Typical feminist: Say they believe in gender equality, but constantly call men misogynistic pigs just for being men. Do not use facts, and constantly talk over you and/or threaten you.

Feminazi: Ok. Here we go. A feminazi is someone who believes all men should die, be in the lower class, or be enslaved. They constantly accuse you of assaulting them when you disagree with their opinion. Will almost always attack you if you disagree with them. They are usually the ones holding feminist rallies.
That's the first smart feminist I've seen in my entire life. They bring a good point, but it's highly outdated.
The typical feminist is over there, shouting in that man's ear, claiming "all men and women are equal," while calling men misogynists at the same time.
The feminazi assaulted a man, then pressed charges against him.


	


237
the radical notion that women are people.
he supports equal rights! he is a feminist!

238
They hate men that's it
Feminist:what the fuck your a man only I can do yoga
Man:anyone can it's free anyway


	


239
I'll make it clear for y'all
What a feminist IS:
-someone who believes in equality between men and women
-does care about men's issues and third world women's issues
-does not want female supremacy
-is angry a lot, but only at people's stupidity
-they come in all shapes sizes and genders

What a Feminist is NOT:

-a misandrist
-ignores men's issues and third world women
-wants female supremacy
-angered by everything
-can only be fat

I can't believe I have to say this, y'all should know this shit by now
Feminist: Hi, I'm a feminist. Contrary to popular belief, I, as well as the rest of my fellow feminists, believe in equality between men and women, care about men's issues and third world women's issues, and do not want female supremacy. Yes we do get angry a lot, but only at people's stupidity. Which there is a lot of. Also we come in all shapes sizes and genders.
Non-feminist AKA misandrist: FEMALE SUPREMACY! KILL ALL MEN! I WANT REVENGE NOT GENDER EQUALITY!
Someone: Oh my god! Kill all men? You feminists are all evil!
Feminist: Uhmm that's not a feminist... you see we actually just want equality, not revenge
Someone: NO THATS NOT TRUE YOU ALL hATE MEN
Feminist: Sadly some people still just don't fucking get it...


	


240
A brilliant and brave person that depraved misogynists love to hate.
Feminism is

"the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes" --- merriam webster dictionary

Those who oppose feminism by default agree with misogyny and sexism (see other definitions of feminism)

A feminist is the most honorable person around.


	


241
A person with severe autism or some other form of serious retardation.
"That chick is such a feminist,"


	


242
A feminist is the bravest and most honourable person (man or woman) out there who has the guts to stand up to all the irrational, MANIC HATE that every single man on this site expresses toward women.

Please read the entries and you will realize how much women are hated by men and how much we need feminism. And you will be genuinely afraid. Who are these people?

Equality is more that being equal under the law. We will have true equality when
- men are encouraged to have a bikini wax twice a month (200 US Dollars), legs and armpits as well please
- men have to wear high heels that mutilate their feet and skirts and tiny tops
- men are told that they are worthless if they have wrinkles and therefore have to buy anti-aging products like there's no tomorrow
- men will be ostracized severely if they wear the same piece of clothing twice
- beautiful men marry ugly women as frequently as beautiful women marry ugly men
- men take the last names of their wives as frequently as women do
- "pussy" and "cunt" are no longer used as insults
- men and women split the household chores and the "bringing up kids" duties evenly
- women no longer get paid less for the same work
- 95 % of domestic and sexual violence are no longer committed by men against women
- â€¦ The list could go on forever

There is no equality, not even in the Western world. If you are a fair person (man or woman) you will agree and try to make this world a better place for EVERYONE. Men and women.
Jason: I am a feminist.
Redeck #1: Boooooooo Hoooooooo Let's kill him, boys!!!!!
Nomal person: Wow Jason, you have balls to risk the wrath of every hick out there!


	


243
Feminists
A large whale who screams misogyny falsely and wears pink, blue or green hair
"Those feminists claimed the man raped her by looking at her ."


	


244
Someone who fought for women's rights after the suffragettes. Not to be confused with someone who fights for gender equality (equalist). Not existent in the modern world as this is confused with feminazi.
She was a feminist up until women were granted equal rights.


245
A person who wants rights for women. Not equality as that would be an egalitarian. Although some feminists can choose to have a certain attitude, that is not all of them choose to act like that. A feminist can be anybody. Either male or female, fat or thin, gay or straight. It doesn't matter.
Johnny: Did you hear Carol is a feminist?
Carl: I'm happy for her. She's finally standing up for women.


	


246
feminists
Any person who thinks that women are human beings, equal to men, and opposes the subjugation of women. Any person who believes that women aren't second class citizens, have minds, and should be able to be something other than domestic help or a factory for producing sons. A man can be a feminist. Not all feminists hate men, or are lesbians.
I only date feminists. I like women who consider themselves human beings.


	


247
Someone who believes in equal rights for men and women. Some people call themselves feminists or think they are but actually aren't, and in fact seriously think women are superior to men. However, that isn't very common, but many men and women online have somehow fooled themselves into thinking feminism is some great conspiracy and sexism doesn't exist. Certain aspects of feminism are controversial even within the movement, but the basic idea is still equal rights for both/all genders.
"Sarah went to the women's march - she's a big time feminist!"


	


248
A person who believes that women should have the same rights as men.

WHAT ITS NOT: Someone who believes women are superior to men

People who want to put women down tend to say the definition of feminist is a bitch who thinks women are superior. Note that change the definition of a word meant to give women power into a word against women. Who gave them this power?
Guy 1: ugh, she's such a bitchy feminist

Guy 2: Pretty sure it's ok to be bitchy when you just want the same rights...


	


249
One who advocates women's rights and gender equality.
The feminist platform supports a social structure of equal representation and rights of all genders.


	


250
a woman or a man who believes men and women are equal and deserve the same opportunities depite their physical differences
person 1: whats another name for an equalist?
person 2: A FEMINIST!


	


251
A feminist is a man or woman who believes in equal rights for not just women but men and children also. Feminists don't take shit from anyone including the white supremacists. Feminists will stand strong and fight together until all this bullshit both Men and women have created is demolished.
Tracy is a feminist and therefore is not to be fucked with because she will either chop your balls off or will kick you in the uterus.



A woman, man or other who directs thier activism towards equality by empowering marginalized genders.
That feminist clearly knows what she's talking about. Look at all the work those feminists have accomplished. I guess its not just about hating men.


	


253
Any person (regardless of gender) who believes that men and women should be equal. A lot of the time they are confused with "men haters" because since today's society is male ruled, feminists are working to improve women's rights so they are equal to the rights men have. This does NOT mean they hate men, they just want equality of the sexes.
The feminists advocated so that the girl's and boy's soccer teams got the same amount of funding.


	


254
The want for equality for both men and women.

The modern "feminists" are actually misandry
"Amy is against men, she is a feminist."

"No, she is actually a misandrist."


	


255
A feminist is a person of any gender who believes in equal rights of all genders, society usually think of feminists as a community of females who love male bashing..but the truth is it is all about being treated equally and being given equal opportunities
Person 1 - she wants the same wage as her co-worker john

Person 2 - damn she wants equality must be a feminist.


	


256
Not to be mistaken for "misandrist" (someone who hates men), a feminist is a person who wants to achieve the political, economic, personal, and social equality of the genders. For centuries women have lived without basic rights. It was feminists who got women the right to vote, the right to divorce, the right to have an abortion, everything that women are able to do today. Nonetheless, there are still disadvantages, such as the wage gap, abortion laws, sexual abuse/consent laws, etc. Misogyny still exists. Thus, feminism is still needed, not as an effort to "banish men" or whatever, but to simply get HUMAN RIGHTS and be treated as HUMAN. Some feminists believe in the intersectionality theory/intersectional feminism, which is a branch of feminism that is all inclusive and identifies other kinds of discrimination that overlap with sexism. Essentially, feminists fight for minorities - and that includes male minorities (POC, LGBT, etc.). Feminists empower women of all races, religions, sexualities, etc. by promoting body positivity, shutting down slut-shaming, shutting down misogynistic views, embracing sexuality, and so much more. Feminists also fight against toxic masculinity. Feminists literally just want everyone to be happy, have equal opportunities, and break down barriers and toxic norms.
"I think women should be able to express themselves however they like. I mean I think that's feminism. Taking pride in your body, taking pride in your work, and doing whatever you want...I think you get to be strong in yourself and do what YOU feel good doing. But that's also just in general. People should be able to do what they want and not be stereotyped"

-- Ariana Grande, a feminist and a queen

"I don't consider myself an anything-ist, but my life has been shaped by powerful women. My father once told my mother that woman was made from the rib of Adam, and my mom broke his jaw"
-- Ron Swanson from Parks and Recreation, in response to being called a 'feminist'


	


257
An excuse for unhappy women who never got the opportunity to latch a wealthy man in their youth. This lack of opportunity causes real adverse effects on a woman's psyche causing bitterness and resentment towards all men. Wallowing in sadness, the feminist will use every tactic(Crying, Sexual Harrassment, skimpy clothing,) to try and sucker a man out of his position at work, or worse...jail. You will notice very few ATTRACTIVE women vocalize an extreme opinion about pro feminism. Feminism is a immature movement that was not very well thought out and now destroys the masculine/feminine chemistry needed to stay healthy physically, emotionally, socially, mentally, and spiritually.
Janet: omg Justin made me totally uncomfortable with his eyes today at work

Patricia: oh well that solves. Totally call HR and let them take care of it.

Janet: You don't think I should take him aside and settle any misunderstandings and/or Greivances like a mature adult?

Patricia: Nope. He's low value anyways don't worry about it. I'm super cool with Stacey, the general manager. She's been trying to get rid of him anyways.

Justin: Dang bro I was let go today.

Garrett: Ah sorry to here that bro. What you do?

Justin: They are saying I potentially sexually harassed Janet with my eyes.

Garrett: Don't they have to have a little more evidence and or intent before they can just let you go.

Justin: I guess not bro. I actually was looking at Janet's new hairstyle. I was going to compliment her in passing but I got shy and made things awkward.

Garret: wait.....Overweight, unattractive Janet bro?! Wooooow. Took an L on that one. Never speak to those bro. Nothing but trouble. SHES EXACTLY WHAT A FEMINIST IS!!!!


	


258
In the modern world, they are women who say men are arseholes and to basically stone them to death. Majority look overweight, half short blue hair, shitty tattoos and possibly have the name Karen. They look to be in charge at all costs and to never let their children see their father.
I used to say i was a feminist but now the word has changed meaning which i don't associate myself with.


A person who believes that all genders are EQUAL. All these other definitions of feminism are shitty and incorrect. A person who believes women are better than men is NOT a feminist, OK?!
Example of a feminist
Person 1: we need to strive to improve equal rights for ALL - However, since the most repressed gender right now is female, we should probably prioritise improving their rights.
Not a feminist

Person: I HATE MEN!!!! THEY'RE ALL TRASH!!!!


	


260
SOMEONE WHO BELIEVES IN EQUALITY!! not 'hating men' 'female supremacy' or any of that bullshit. striving for an equality society by supporting the oppressed and breaking down laws and stereotypes that may stop that.
"what's a feminist?"
"someone with any sense of fucking sanity:)"


	


261
Retard usually a female
Wow she's such a feminist, she got a 0 on her IQ test I heard


	


262
A feminist is a person who thinks there are better than men. Basically a bitch who is trying to be a president. Also they started the #meToo bullshit that was just a scam for attention.
Feminist. a pussy ass nigga.


	


263
A feminist is someone who believes in equality for both men and women. A feminist advocates for equal rights for men and women, and for the right to express and not suppress oneself. One example of this is the feminist's fight to end toxic masculinity, which is the notion that men must follow strict gender roles or else they are not "manly" enough, a popular example of which is that men aren't supposed to cry.
He was a feminist, meaning he believed in equal rights for all genders.


	


264
A person who supports the increased rights of women and believes in the wage gap.

(Dumb asses)
Look at this retarded feminist.


	


265
A feminist is someone who believes in equal rights between men and women. There are many intricacies to the expression of feminism and being a feminist. Despite race, gender, sexual orientation, and such: Anyone can be a feminist.

However, just like anything else, people can ruin feminism for others by giving being a feminist a bad image. Some do this by slinging the term around to excuse unacceptable behavior, while others have coined the term as an insult. Don't be that person. Just live your life, and love.
Person 1: Did you know that Alex is a feminist?

Person 2: Nah, I can't believe that. What a loser. I didn't peg Alex as that type of person. Aren't feminists the scum of the earth?

Person 1: Well, that depends on who you're asking. But knowing Alex... Alex is kind, and just wants equality between men, women, and everyone inbetween.

Person 2: oh???

266
A feminist is definitely NOT somebody who believes women are superior to men. A feminist is someone who fights for the equality of females AND males. They want to end gender stereotypes and gender roles. They want to stop sexism and misogyny. The word "feminism" is considered bad in society today because sexist people believe feminism means females are better than males, and I want to let people know that that is false.
George and Sarah: WE WANT EQUAL RIGHTS!
Bob: You guys are such feminists. I wanna be like you.


	


267
A bitch named Karen who cant get touched by a man so she complains online.
I hate feminists.


	


268
A feminist is a person of any gender that is not sexist, homophobic, transphobic or racist. Basically someone with common sense that realised that we need equality as it is a human right.
a dude can be a feminist too, it's not just girls


	


269
It's ASTOUNDING how many wrong answers there are here. Alrighty so a feminist wants equality throughout everyone. We do not want to rule over ANYONE. We do not view chivalry as an insult and many times we think it's sweet just as any average woman would. When we say we want equality, we mean that we want equal pay, we want to serve in the military doing the "hard stuff" as men do, and so on. We DO NOT believe that all domestic abuse charges means the man was the one that's wrong. My mum used to beat the fuck out of her boyfriend sO. Anyways we know that a woman can rape a man or that a woman can beat a man. We're not man hating because if we were, we would all be single or lesbians, prEtTy SuRe. Anyways just thought I'd put a CORRECT definition.
Abigail: women and men should be equal, yaknow?
Nic: yes I know, that's why I'm a feminist.
Abigail: me too!


	


270
A society of badass women that are mostly known for wanting equal rights between men and women. Women who are trans,of color,bi,lesbian,pan,straight, mentally ill, etc. A feminist is NOT a female who wants to overrule males but simply one whom wants to be equal. It's a common misconception that being a Feminist or feminism is a bad negative things words men but it's not; there even are men who consider themselves feminist as well, whether they're straight, gay, or color etc. So Being a feminist and feminism in general is not a bad thing. We don't want to overrule men. We Support other strong women and we WILL make history.
I plan on marching in the Womens Rights March because I consider myself a feminist.


	


271
A human being who believes that men and women are equal and fights for it.Feminist does not believe that women are better than men because that would make him/her/them a misandrist.Feminists are not male haters.A feminist believes that ALL people are equal.All includes lgbtq+ and poc.
A feminist is not a misandrist. Men can also be feminists.


	


272
The radical belief that we're all equalâœŒï¸
I you believe in equality your a feminist


To put it simply, a feminist is a person who believes in political, social and economic equality for all genders.

Contrary to popular belief, a feminist is not a man-hating misandrist, as that pretty much negates the sole point of gender equality (which is what feminism is about), a feminist is anyone with the decency to believe that every gender should be treated with the same amount of fairness and respect.
Person A: Hey, are you a feminist?

Person B: Am I a sexist man-hater? No.

Person A: That's... not what I asked... Do you even know what feminism is?

Person B: Yeah, I looked it up and most of the definitions said that all feminists were evil misandrists who thought that women were better than men.

Person A: Ah...


	


274
a 500lb whale that hates all male life
thats a feminist


	


275
The organisation of a large group of women who despise men and will do anything in their power to be better than them
Guy 1: this bitch is trying to get me banned from school

Guy 2: bro, she's a feminist


	


276
A feminist is a person who supports equal rights for men and women. Some things they might want in society are equal pay, and respect as people for many years have labeled males as the superior sex and degraded women.

A feminist can be a male or female.

Many people don't like feminists as women take it too far and become "men haters" and say phrases like "men ain't crap". But this is not what feminism stands for. It is for equality not superiority.
I am a feminist. I stand for equal rights between men and women.


	


277
Someone (male, female, or otherwise) who believes women and men are equal. Someone who doesn't try to dismiss the wage gap, the sexist comments, or any of the other hardships faced by women on a day to day basis. A feminist isn't someone who believes men are inferior to women, or someone who is ugly, or someone who looks for attention by trying to be "progressive" or "cool". They believe everyone is equal.
Everyone should be a feminist because women deserve to be treated exactly the same as everyone else; no better, no worse.


	


278
usually a fat or very egotistical B***h who screams that she wants right even though she has more rights than men
"Damn boi, dat Feminist was a real bitch"


	


279



